---
description: 想要寫出好的作文，就要多閱讀別人寫的文章，並從中選取適當的字詞與描述手法運用到自己的文章，藉此來增添文章的豐富度。
---

# 作文百句 51\~100

## 51.

1. My friend and I went to Belle Vie Bistro for <mark style="color:blue;">**brunch**</mark> last weekend, and <mark style="color:blue;">**I cannot recommend it strongly enough**</mark>. Walking into the restaurant was like entering a 200-year-old French <mark style="color:blue;">**villa**</mark>, <mark style="color:blue;">**albeit**</mark> one with tasteful modern <mark style="color:blue;">**touches**</mark>. We <mark style="color:blue;">**were seated**</mark> in the courtyard, <mark style="color:blue;">**where**</mark> our waiter Franz greeted us warmly and explained what the daily <mark style="color:blue;">**specials**</mark> were.
2. While I was <mark style="color:blue;">**initially**</mark> concerned about the cost, I was <mark style="color:blue;">**reassured**</mark> to see everything was <mark style="color:blue;">**reasonably priced**</mark>. We began with French <mark style="color:blue;">**onion soup**</mark>, which had a <mark style="color:blue;">**rich flavor**</mark> and was <mark style="color:blue;">**comfortingly**</mark> warm <mark style="color:blue;">**on**</mark> such a chilly day. Next, I ordered a French <mark style="color:blue;">**omelet**</mark> with herbs, <mark style="color:blue;">**accompanied with**</mark> roasted vegetables. Despite its simple appearance, the omelet's <mark style="color:blue;">**texture**</mark> and taste were <mark style="color:blue;">**exceptional**</mark>!
3. My friend had shakshuka, a dish of eggs in a tomato and bell pepper <mark style="color:blue;">**sauce**</mark>. This one is also really <mark style="color:blue;">**worth a try**</mark>, as it's both <mark style="color:blue;">**flavorful**</mark> and healthy. For dessert, we shared a creme brulee, whose <mark style="color:blue;">**crunchy**</mark> burned-sugar top <mark style="color:blue;">**complemented**</mark> its <mark style="color:blue;">**creamy custard**</mark>. Between the <mark style="color:blue;">**picturesque**</mark> atmosphere, <mark style="color:blue;">**hospitable**</mark> service, and <mark style="color:blue;">**delectable**</mark> food, I would advise that any <mark style="color:blue;">**brunch**</mark> lover give Belle Vie Bistro a try!

## 52.

1. When I have time off from school, I get my <mark style="color:blue;">**thrills**</mark> by visiting <mark style="color:blue;">**amusement parks**</mark> to try out the <mark style="color:blue;">**rides**</mark>. For me, screaming <mark style="color:blue;">**at the top of my lungs**</mark> on a <mark style="color:blue;">**roller coaster**</mark> is one of the best ways to <mark style="color:blue;">**relieve**</mark> stress. Rides with <mark style="color:blue;">**special effects**</mark> are exciting, too.
2. Take the Indiana Jones ride at Disneyland for example. There are <mark style="color:blue;">**skulls illuminated**</mark> with ghostly lights and a <mark style="color:blue;">**boulder threatening**</mark> to roll down on top of the riders. Wild rides like this not only <mark style="color:blue;">**take our breath away**</mark> but also make us completely forget about the <mark style="color:blue;">**dull routines**</mark> of everyday life.

## 53.

1. I don't really like camping, <mark style="color:blue;">**even though**</mark> I know some people do. I have no idea how to <mark style="color:blue;">**pitch a tent**</mark>, and I always <mark style="color:blue;">**struggle with building**</mark> a fire as well as preparing food <mark style="color:blue;">**over**</mark> a <mark style="color:blue;">**campfire**</mark>. These, however, are not the most <mark style="color:blue;">**intolerable**</mark> things. The real <mark style="color:blue;">**torture**</mark> comes at night. Sleeping in a bag on the ground <mark style="color:blue;">**proves**</mark> painful for my back, and I <mark style="color:blue;">**have trouble**</mark> falling asleep. With so many <mark style="color:blue;">**annoyances**</mark>, going camping is never an <mark style="color:blue;">**option**</mark> for my vacation.

## 54.

1. <mark style="color:blue;">**There is no denying**</mark> that <mark style="color:blue;">**graffiti**</mark> is a <mark style="color:blue;">**legitimate**</mark> form of art. First, it <mark style="color:blue;">**takes**</mark> a lot of time and hard work. It is not just <mark style="color:blue;">**scribbling**</mark>. <mark style="color:blue;">**Graffiti**</mark> artists are like other painters. They start by <mark style="color:blue;">**sketching**</mark> and drawing an <mark style="color:blue;">**outline**</mark>, and then they fill in colors and add details. The only difference is that they paint on walls <mark style="color:blue;">**rather than**</mark> on paper. Second, like other art forms, <mark style="color:blue;">**graffiti**</mark> is about expressing one's feelings and <mark style="color:blue;">**being creative**</mark>.
2. Banksy, for example, is a famous <mark style="color:blue;">**graffiti**</mark> artist who paints to show his opinions. Many of his works <mark style="color:blue;">**contrast**</mark> the horror of war <mark style="color:blue;">**with**</mark> the <mark style="color:blue;">**innocence**</mark> of children. In one of his pieces, a young boy places a flower into a soldier's gun. The gun represents violence, <mark style="color:blue;">**whereas**</mark> the flower <mark style="color:blue;">**symbolizes**</mark> peace. Works like this <mark style="color:blue;">**call attention to**</mark> the need for <mark style="color:blue;">**positive**</mark> change in the world. Isn't it art?

## 55.

1. Kevin's school was competing <mark style="color:blue;">**against**</mark> a team that nobody wanted to <mark style="color:blue;">**sponsor**</mark>. Those poor kids looked <mark style="color:blue;">**ragged in**</mark> their cheap uniforms and old <mark style="color:blue;">**sneakers**</mark>, and they didn't even have any protective headgear. My son's team beat them easily. Mike shook his head sadly. "Those kids have great <mark style="color:blue;">**potential**</mark>," he said, "but losing like this could make them give up." Mike knew kids very well. He loved working with them and often <mark style="color:blue;">**coached**</mark> young baseball and football teams in his free time.
2. Later that afternoon, I went to a sporting goods store, bought <mark style="color:blue;">**helmets**</mark> and shoes, and had them <mark style="color:blue;">**delivered anonymously**</mark> to those poor kids. I shared this secret with Mike on a note and placed it in a small white envelope. On Christmas Eve, I put it on the tree <mark style="color:blue;">**as**</mark> his gift from me. When he opened it the next morning, his smile <mark style="color:blue;">**lit up**</mark> the room. He said it was the best gift ever.

## 56.

1. In fact, things have been totally different since you came into my life. When I wake up, you are there to go through my friends' <mark style="color:blue;">**updates**</mark> on Facebook and Instagram with me. Also, I <mark style="color:blue;">**obsessively**</mark> check my LINE app <mark style="color:blue;">**throughout**</mark> the day. And when it doesn't show any new messages, I still <mark style="color:blue;">**refresh the screen**</mark>, just <mark style="color:blue;">**in case**</mark> I miss something. All this might sound romantic, but it is difficult for me to focus on school, and my grades are <mark style="color:blue;">**getting worse**</mark>!
2. In addition, <mark style="color:blue;">**having you around**</mark> is really hurting my relationships with my friends and family. When my friends and I <mark style="color:blue;">**hang out**</mark>, I turn to you for Instagram <mark style="color:blue;">**updates**</mark>, essentially <mark style="color:blue;">**phubbing**</mark> my friends. My friends try to talk to me, but I don't even reply because I am too busy <mark style="color:blue;">**paying**</mark> attention to you. I'm worried that they are going to stop <mark style="color:blue;">**inviting**</mark> me out! I can't deny that you are always <mark style="color:blue;">**by**</mark> my side, and I love the <mark style="color:blue;">**instant gratification**</mark> of playing games or <mark style="color:blue;">**responding to messages**</mark> together. But doing this <mark style="color:blue;">**late into the night**</mark> means I seldom speak to my family! That's really not a good way to <mark style="color:blue;">**build**</mark> a relationship with anybody, and my parents are both angry and disappointed with me.

## 57.

1. I was really upset. The zit looked like the work of <mark style="color:blue;">**mean**</mark> little aliens! They came to Earth, <mark style="color:blue;">**landed**</mark> their bright red spaceship <mark style="color:blue;">**right**</mark> on my nose, and <mark style="color:blue;">**ruined**</mark> my first day of high school! I felt so <mark style="color:blue;">**embarrassed**</mark>. I tried to hide my ugly <mark style="color:blue;">**pimple**</mark>, but nothing worked. I wanted to <mark style="color:blue;">**skip school**</mark>, but my mom wouldn't let me. It felt like the end of the world! I wanted people at school to know me as the "freshman It girl," but now they'd just know me as the "freshman Zit girl"! It was so <mark style="color:blue;">**depressing**</mark>! Fortunately, the day <mark style="color:blue;">**went well**</mark>, and <mark style="color:blue;">**miraculously**</mark> no one said anything about my <mark style="color:blue;">**pimple**</mark>! But for <mark style="color:blue;">**the rest of the year**</mark>, I was sure that everyone was talking about my funny zit every day when I was not <mark style="color:blue;">**around**</mark>.

## 58.

1. Speaking of sports, cycling is my favorite. In my <mark style="color:blue;">**leisure**</mark> time, I like to <mark style="color:blue;">**indulge in**</mark> this activity. All I need to prepare is a bike and a <mark style="color:blue;">**helmet**</mark>, and I am ready to go. Bike <mark style="color:blue;">**paths**</mark> along the riverside are my first choice because of the beautiful scenery. Besides, riding through city streets and <mark style="color:blue;">**alleys**</mark> is like a <mark style="color:blue;">**treasure hunt**</mark>, for surprises might appear just <mark style="color:blue;">**around the corner**</mark>. If I need some challenges, I will try the mountain <mark style="color:blue;">**trails**</mark> with my friends. No matter where I go biking, I always have a lot of fun.
2. The reason why I love cycling is that it helps me not only <mark style="color:blue;">**stay fit**</mark> but also <mark style="color:blue;">**relieve stress**</mark>. <mark style="color:blue;">**With**</mark> the breeze blowing on my face, I soon forget my worries and feel both relaxed and <mark style="color:blue;">**refreshed**</mark>. Another reason is that biking is an interesting way to <mark style="color:blue;">**explore**</mark> the place <mark style="color:blue;">**where**</mark> I live. Whenever I find something <mark style="color:blue;">**fascinating**</mark>, I can stop and take pictures to <mark style="color:blue;">**record**</mark> my discoveries. In addition, cycling offers me a chance to make more friends. As a result, I become more confident and <mark style="color:blue;">**outgoing**</mark>. Because of the above reasons, cycling has a positive impact on my life.

## 59.

1. Yesterday was a fine day as the sun <mark style="color:blue;">**blazed down**</mark> from the <mark style="color:blue;">**luminous**</mark> sky. The Jones family decided to go to the park, so they all <mark style="color:blue;">**piled into**</mark> the car to make the drive. They were all excited about going out to spend an enjoyable day in each other's <mark style="color:blue;">**company**</mark>. When they arrived at their <mark style="color:blue;">**destination**</mark>, they gathered their things and got out of the car. Suddenly, a loud bark <mark style="color:blue;">**caught Betty's attention**</mark>. They had forgotten their dog, Spot, in the car!
2. Unfortunately, when Mr. Jones turned around to let the dog out, he realized that he didn't have his keys. They were locked in the car! As Mr. Jones <mark style="color:blue;">**fruitlessly tugged**</mark> on the door handle, the family started to <mark style="color:blue;">**panic**</mark>. It was quickly getting hot and <mark style="color:blue;">**stuffy**</mark> inside the car, <mark style="color:blue;">**with**</mark> Spot <mark style="color:blue;">**panting**</mark> harder and harder.
3. Seeing their pet about to <mark style="color:blue;">**pass out**</mark>, Mrs. Jones decided to call 110 and asked if the police could help. The officer showed up with something that could indeed open the car: his <mark style="color:blue;">**baton**</mark>. After breaking the car window, he gave the family a <mark style="color:blue;">**stern talking-to**</mark> about their <mark style="color:blue;">**grave**</mark> mistake. Luckily, after the family took Spot to a nearby animal hospital, he made a full <mark style="color:blue;">**recovery**</mark> from his <mark style="color:blue;">**ordeal**</mark>, and the family <mark style="color:blue;">**swore**</mark> they wouldn't let the same mistake happen again.

## 60.

1. There are a lot of important inventions that might be made in the next few decades. What's more, many of them have the <mark style="color:blue;">**potential**</mark> to really change our lives <mark style="color:blue;">**for the better**</mark>. One of the inventions <mark style="color:blue;">**I'm looking forward to**</mark> is a <mark style="color:blue;">**general-purpose household**</mark> robot. It could be <mark style="color:blue;">**programmed**</mark> to do things like cooking meals and <mark style="color:blue;">**doing laundry**</mark>.
2. It could also accomplish complex cleaning tasks. This could be really useful for people who are too busy to do <mark style="color:blue;">**domestic chores**</mark>. <mark style="color:blue;">**Elderly**</mark> or <mark style="color:blue;">**disabled**</mark> people could also use these <mark style="color:blue;">**household**</mark> robots to help themselves live <mark style="color:blue;">**independently**</mark>. Another invention I'm <mark style="color:blue;">**anticipating**</mark> is floating farms. These are actually <mark style="color:blue;">**being developed**</mark>.
3. As the global population increases and cities grow <mark style="color:blue;">**in size**</mark>, there is a greater and greater <mark style="color:blue;">**demand**</mark> for food. However, it's getting hard to develop new land for farming without <mark style="color:blue;">**mass deforestation**</mark> of areas which <mark style="color:blue;">**house**</mark> important <mark style="color:blue;">**ecosystems**</mark>. Using new technology, we can build large floating <mark style="color:blue;">**platforms**</mark> to grow <mark style="color:blue;">**crops**</mark> or <mark style="color:blue;">**raise livestock**</mark> in the open sea or just <mark style="color:blue;">**offshore**</mark>. These <mark style="color:blue;">**platforms**</mark> might become necessary sooner than we think, as cities already need <mark style="color:blue;">**vast quantities of**</mark> vegetables and animal products every day in order to feed their <mark style="color:blue;">**residents**</mark>.

## 61.

1. <mark style="color:blue;">**Thanks to**</mark> technology, there are <mark style="color:blue;">**increasingly**</mark> more <mark style="color:blue;">**learning opportunities**</mark> <mark style="color:blue;">**available**</mark> these days. <mark style="color:blue;">**When it comes to**</mark> the choice between traditional learning and <mark style="color:blue;">**distance learning**</mark>, there are a couple of <mark style="color:blue;">**factors**</mark> to consider; <mark style="color:blue;">**namely**</mark>, <mark style="color:blue;">**flexibility**</mark> and <mark style="color:blue;">**cost**</mark>. With <mark style="color:blue;">**distance learning**</mark>, you can study whenever and wherever <mark style="color:blue;">**suits**</mark> you best, making it easy to <mark style="color:blue;">**tailor**</mark> classes <mark style="color:blue;">**to**</mark> your lifestyle, job, or physical condition.
2. For example, if your <mark style="color:blue;">**preferred**</mark> school is not wheelchair <mark style="color:blue;">**accessible**</mark>, you can take lessons at home. This <mark style="color:blue;">**flexibility**</mark> is seldom an <mark style="color:blue;">**option**</mark> with traditional learning, as you must follow whatever schedule the school sets. <mark style="color:blue;">**Cost**</mark> is also an important <mark style="color:blue;">**aspect**</mark>. With traditional learning, your <mark style="color:blue;">**tuition**</mark> will have to <mark style="color:blue;">**cover expenses**</mark> like the teacher's salary, the use of the school building, and any resources. With <mark style="color:blue;">**distance learning**</mark>, however, you may find it to be a more <mark style="color:blue;">**cost-effective**</mark> option. Of course, every educational <mark style="color:blue;">**institution**</mark> differs and you'll need to choose the right one for your needs, but if I <mark style="color:blue;">**had**</mark> the choice, I <mark style="color:blue;">**would take distance learning**</mark> every time.

## 62.

1. There's no need to be embarrassed if you've experienced this <mark style="color:blue;">**sudden urge to shop**</mark>. Convenience stores use <mark style="color:blue;">**certain strategies**</mark> to make you feel this way. One of these <mark style="color:blue;">**strategies**</mark> is to follow the "eye level is buy level" rule. The more <mark style="color:blue;">**visible**</mark> the products are, the easier it is for shoppers to notice and <mark style="color:blue;">**purchase**</mark> them. Therefore, smart shop owners usually place their most <mark style="color:blue;">**profitable**</mark> and popular items <mark style="color:blue;">**at**</mark> the average shopper's eye level, <mark style="color:blue;">**where**</mark> those items <mark style="color:blue;">**are**</mark> most <mark style="color:blue;">**likely**</mark> to be seen.
2. Another <mark style="color:blue;">**eye-catching**</mark> convenience store <mark style="color:blue;">**strategy**</mark> is to <mark style="color:blue;">**promote impulse purchases**</mark> of small, cheap items like candy bars. These are displayed near <mark style="color:blue;">**cash registers**</mark>, <mark style="color:blue;">**where**</mark> they're easily noticed and <mark style="color:blue;">**within quick reach**</mark>. Special offers, like "buy one, get one free," make such little "extras" even more attractive. Since customers are lining up at <mark style="color:blue;">**cash registers**</mark> to pay <mark style="color:blue;">**for**</mark> their things anyway, these items are often <mark style="color:blue;">**reflexively**</mark> <mark style="color:blue;">**grabbed**</mark> and <mark style="color:blue;">**tossed**</mark> into their shopping baskets.

## 63.

1. The moment that I first saw Corey, I thought my heart would <mark style="color:blue;">**stop beating**</mark>. How handsome he is! He's tall, <mark style="color:blue;">**athletic**</mark>, and <mark style="color:blue;">**clean-cut**</mark>, with <mark style="color:blue;">**broad shoulders**</mark> and <mark style="color:blue;">**limbs**</mark> that would make a statue <mark style="color:blue;">**jealous**</mark>. His hair is <mark style="color:blue;">**stylish**</mark>; it falls down <mark style="color:blue;">**over**</mark> one eye, and when he <mark style="color:blue;">**flicks**</mark> it <mark style="color:blue;">**up**</mark>, <mark style="color:blue;">**I have a hard time breathing**</mark>.
2. His smile is charming, <mark style="color:blue;">**making him look not so much like a student but a movie star**</mark>. <mark style="color:blue;">**Were I able to paint him**</mark>, his <mark style="color:blue;">**portrait**</mark> would <mark style="color:blue;">**rival**</mark> the Mona Lisa. <mark style="color:blue;">**It's no surprise that Corey is as popular as he is attractive**</mark>. Everyone likes him, from his <mark style="color:blue;">**fellow**</mark> students to the teachers, and it's easy to see why. He's a diligent student and an <mark style="color:blue;">**amiable**</mark> friend.
3. He's <mark style="color:blue;">**self-assured**</mark>, but he never <mark style="color:blue;">**shows off**</mark> or tries to be the center of attention. <mark style="color:blue;">**In addition to this**</mark>, Corey is just <mark style="color:blue;">**naturally charismatic**</mark>. <mark style="color:blue;">**As iron is drawn to magnets, so are people drawn to Corey**</mark>.

## 64.

1. There are many <mark style="color:blue;">**factors**</mark> to consider if you want to buy a house. For me, the most important are safety and <mark style="color:blue;">**distinctiveness**</mark>. First, I would pay extra attention to how well the house is <mark style="color:blue;">**reinforced**</mark> to <mark style="color:blue;">**withstand**</mark> earthquakes and typhoons. Second, I would not buy a house that is too ordinary or <mark style="color:blue;">**commonplace**</mark>. I prefer a place that is special. <mark style="color:blue;">**All in all**</mark>, what I value most is a house that is both safe and <mark style="color:blue;">**unique**</mark>.
2. If I ever have the chance to choose my dream house, I will <mark style="color:blue;">**opt for**</mark> one in the mountains. I am a big lover of Mother Nature and like to <mark style="color:blue;">**engage in**</mark> relaxing outdoor activities. Living in the mountains would not only bring me <mark style="color:blue;">**physical benefits**</mark> but <mark style="color:blue;">**mental**</mark> ones as well. Additionally, I want to have a large dining room so that I can invite my friends over on weekends for dinner parties. <mark style="color:blue;">**Last but not least**</mark>, I want to have a garden to grow vegetables and flowers. <mark style="color:blue;">**In conclusion**</mark>, I want a home that will allow me to escape from <mark style="color:blue;">**the hustle and bustle**</mark> of city life.

## 65.

1. Yesterday, on her way to the cafeteria, Julie <mark style="color:blue;">**happened to**</mark> notice a girl sitting on the floor of the <mark style="color:blue;">**corridor**</mark>. <mark style="color:blue;">**She had tucked her knees into her chest**</mark>. She looked lonely and <mark style="color:blue;">**helpless**</mark>. Julie stopped <mark style="color:blue;">**in her tracks**</mark> when she saw her body shaking as she cried. She <mark style="color:blue;">**mustered up**</mark> the courage and asked if she was okay.
2. The girl <mark style="color:blue;">**peered up at**</mark> Julie and <mark style="color:blue;">**wiped away**</mark> the tears that <mark style="color:blue;">**were rolling down her cheeks**</mark>. Despite knowing nothing of her problems, Julie decided to <mark style="color:blue;">**lend a sympathetic ear**</mark>. <mark style="color:blue;">**After her sobs subsided**</mark>, the girl <mark style="color:blue;">**opened up to**</mark> Julie about her <mark style="color:blue;">**dilemma**</mark>. She had a tiger mom, who was <mark style="color:blue;">**in the habit of**</mark> comparing her to her outstanding <mark style="color:blue;">**siblings**</mark>. Her mother kept demanding that she <mark style="color:blue;">**model herself after them**</mark> and <mark style="color:blue;">**become an honor roll student**</mark>.
3. Although she had tried to explain that she wasn't as <mark style="color:blue;">**exceptional**</mark> as her <mark style="color:blue;">**siblings**</mark>, her mom continued to <mark style="color:blue;">**stress her out with her nagging**</mark>. Earlier that day, she got a phone call, <mark style="color:blue;">**in which**</mark> her mom <mark style="color:blue;">**lashed out at her**</mark> after getting her <mark style="color:blue;">**report card**</mark>. This was <mark style="color:blue;">**the last straw**</mark> for the girl. <mark style="color:blue;">**Throughout**</mark> their conversation, Julie just listened as the girl shared her troubles. All she needed was an <mark style="color:blue;">**outlet**</mark> for her <mark style="color:blue;">**pent-up**</mark> worries and <mark style="color:blue;">**anxieties**</mark>. <mark style="color:blue;">**Eventually**</mark>, she thanked Julie for her <mark style="color:blue;">**company, which**</mark> she said <mark style="color:blue;">**turned her day around**</mark>.

## 66.

1. It is well known that <mark style="color:blue;">**regular**</mark> exercise is good for one's health. <mark style="color:blue;">**Despite this**</mark>, many people don't do it often enough. The <mark style="color:blue;">**survey results indicate**</mark> three main reasons among teenagers in a high school for their <mark style="color:blue;">**avoidance**</mark> of exercise: <mark style="color:blue;">**laziness**</mark>, <mark style="color:blue;">**lack of time**</mark>, and <mark style="color:blue;">**exhaustion from studying**</mark>. Another common reason is not having a <mark style="color:blue;">**workout buddy**</mark>.
2. Meanwhile, <mark style="color:blue;">**a dislike of sweating**</mark> is listed by nearly 20% of the <mark style="color:blue;">**survey participants**</mark> as a reason why they avoid working out. Finally, health issues are a reason for about 5% of <mark style="color:blue;">**respondents**</mark> who don't exercise <mark style="color:blue;">**on a regular basis**</mark>. It <mark style="color:blue;">**appears**</mark> that many high school students use their busy schedule to <mark style="color:blue;">**justify**</mark> not exercising regularly.
3. Still, <mark style="color:blue;">**I find it difficult to believe**</mark> that they can't <mark style="color:blue;">**squeeze in**</mark> 10 minutes a day for a jog. They should be able to <mark style="color:blue;">**incorporate**</mark> exercise <mark style="color:blue;">**into**</mark> their daily routines, such as <mark style="color:blue;">**getting off the bus one stop early**</mark> and <mark style="color:blue;">**walking the rest of the way**</mark>. Besides, exercise helps <mark style="color:blue;">**reduce stress**</mark> and improve sleep quality, which is what those students need. No matter how busy or tired they are, exercise should still be a <mark style="color:blue;">**priority**</mark> in their lives.

## 67.

1. Tragedy and anger were the <mark style="color:blue;">**global norms**</mark> in 2020 - and yet, among the darkness, there are <mark style="color:blue;">**rays**</mark> of hope. My family holds <mark style="color:blue;">**gratitude**</mark> to be a <mark style="color:blue;">**virtue**</mark>, and so I've learned to always <mark style="color:blue;">**be thankful for**</mark> what I have. This past year, despite all the sorrow <mark style="color:blue;">**resulting from**</mark> COVID-19, I look at how Taiwan has done and feel immense <mark style="color:blue;">**relief**</mark>. Our country's quick response <mark style="color:blue;">**likely**</mark> saved thousands of lives and allowed us to continue living mostly normally.
2. Whenever I read about other countries still <mark style="color:blue;">**struggling**</mark> to recover, <mark style="color:blue;">**let alone**</mark> those still <mark style="color:blue;">**in lockdown**</mark>, I'm reminded of how blessed I am to live here. Seeing the way that <mark style="color:blue;">**Taiwan distinguished itself from other countries**</mark> that were expected to do better, I <mark style="color:blue;">**can't help but**</mark> feel a <mark style="color:blue;">**swell**</mark> of pride. Taiwan has been trying to <mark style="color:blue;">**make progress**</mark> in the international community for a while, so the country's <mark style="color:blue;">**effective response to**</mark> COVID-19 is a big step forward. Once, I didn't think much about our <mark style="color:blue;">**healthcare system**</mark>, but after it helped <mark style="color:blue;">**spare**</mark> us <mark style="color:blue;">**from**</mark> the worst of the <mark style="color:blue;">**pandemic**</mark>, I won't ever <mark style="color:blue;">**take it for granted**</mark> again. I will make sure to use <mark style="color:blue;">**the medical resources available to me**</mark> properly so that there won't be any waste.

## 68.

1. Kyoto, like a beauty <mark style="color:blue;">**in**</mark> a bright and colorful <mark style="color:blue;">**kimono**</mark>, <mark style="color:blue;">**delights**</mark> tourists throughout the year. In spring, romance is in the air as the city is filled with <mark style="color:blue;">**a sea of pink cherry blossoms**</mark>. In summer, green leaves can be <mark style="color:blue;">**heard rustling in the wind**</mark> and <mark style="color:blue;">**seen sparkling in the sunshine**</mark>. Maple leaves in autumn <mark style="color:blue;">**set the landscape on fire**</mark> with orange and red colors. Then, when winter comes, white snow turns the whole city into a magical and silver kingdom.
2. Apart from its <mark style="color:blue;">**natural splendor**</mark>, however, Kyoto has so much more to <mark style="color:blue;">**feast one's eyes on**</mark>. Having previously been the capital of Japan for over a thousand years, the city <mark style="color:blue;">**boasts**</mark> a large number of historic shrines and temples. The <mark style="color:blue;">**reflection**</mark> of the pavilion on the glassy surface of the pond is a breathtaking sight. Visitors can take a <mark style="color:blue;">**leisurely**</mark> walk through the surrounding gardens and enjoy many stunning views of this beautiful structure.

## 69.

1. It was the weekend, and Ella and Debbie were excited about <mark style="color:blue;">**trying out**</mark> a new restaurant. They arrived at the crowded restaurant at 6:50 p.m., 10 minutes before their <mark style="color:blue;">**reservation**</mark>. Looking at the menu, Debbie decided to order <mark style="color:blue;">**crab**</mark>, <mark style="color:blue;">**while**</mark> Ella got a steak. Soon after Debbie started eating, she began to feel <mark style="color:blue;">**queasy**</mark>, and ran to the bathroom <mark style="color:blue;">**where**</mark> she <mark style="color:blue;">**threw up**</mark>.
2. She <mark style="color:blue;">**suspected**</mark> the seafood wasn't fresh and called the manager over to their table. However, he insisted that the crab <mark style="color:blue;">**was**</mark> fresh and refused to <mark style="color:blue;">**waive the bill**</mark> for her meal. Debbie was so upset that as soon as she got home, she posted about the <mark style="color:blue;">**incident**</mark> on her Facebook page, <mark style="color:blue;">**criticizing**</mark> the restaurant for serving bad food. She also <mark style="color:blue;">**blasted**</mark> the manager for his terrible attitude. A little while later, the owner of the restaurant <mark style="color:blue;">**replied to her post**</mark>. He <mark style="color:blue;">**apologized**</mark> and said he would talk to the manager. Even better, he offered Debbie a <mark style="color:blue;">**coupon**</mark> for a free meal at the restaurant.

## 70.

* Do you know how <mark style="color:blue;">**physically demanding**</mark> and <mark style="color:blue;">**challenging**</mark> this sport can be?
* <mark style="color:blue;">**Attempts**</mark> to do A have proven <mark style="color:blue;">**fruitless**</mark>.\
  <mark style="color:blue;">**Efforts**</mark> to do A have <mark style="color:blue;">**resulted in**</mark> failure.
* This creates a <mark style="color:blue;">**vicious cycle**</mark> that <mark style="color:blue;">**interferes with**</mark> people's daily lives, causing them to suffer high <mark style="color:blue;">**anxiety**</mark>, poor sleep, and <mark style="color:blue;">**fatigue**</mark>.

## 71.

1. While convenient <mark style="color:blue;">**access to**</mark> stylish clothing may seem like a wonderful <mark style="color:blue;">**benefit**</mark> of modern life, for the world's 75 million <mark style="color:blue;">**garment**</mark> workers, fast fashion actually has a <mark style="color:blue;">**devastating**</mark> social <mark style="color:blue;">**impact**</mark>. <mark style="color:blue;">**In an effort to**</mark> keep their operations as <mark style="color:blue;">**economical**</mark> as possible, <mark style="color:blue;">**numerous**</mark> fashion <mark style="color:blue;">**retailers**</mark> have moved their manufacturing centers to countries in which <mark style="color:blue;">**labor**</mark> is extremely cheap.
2. Since such countries usually have <mark style="color:blue;">**relatively**</mark> limited work regulations, workers there are easily <mark style="color:blue;">**exploited**</mark>. Many <mark style="color:blue;">**garment**</mark> workers, some of <mark style="color:blue;">**whom**</mark> are only fourteen years old, work long hours for <mark style="color:blue;">**minimal pay**</mark>, earning <mark style="color:blue;">**barely**</mark> an <mark style="color:blue;">**adequate**</mark> amount to survive. Additionally, they often work in <mark style="color:blue;">**cramped**</mark> rooms filled with <mark style="color:blue;">**toxic fumes**</mark> from the chemicals used to <mark style="color:blue;">**manufacture**</mark> and dye clothing. This regular and lengthy <mark style="color:blue;">**exposure**</mark> is believed to make employees far more <mark style="color:blue;">**vulnerable to**</mark> serious health problems, and even <mark style="color:blue;">**terminal**</mark> illnesses.
3. Since some very complex social and environmental problems may have their <mark style="color:blue;">**roots**</mark> in fast fashion, everyone should <mark style="color:blue;">**contribute to reversing the situation**</mark>. It is high time that brands <mark style="color:blue;">**took prompt action**</mark> so as to ensure that clothes are produced more <mark style="color:blue;">**sustainably**</mark>, and <mark style="color:blue;">**that**</mark> laborers receive fair wages and enjoy better working conditions. Consumers <mark style="color:blue;">**conscious of**</mark> these problems can <mark style="color:blue;">**do their part**</mark> by shopping more responsibly, and by recycling old clothing. Remember, our <mark style="color:blue;">**preferences**</mark> and shopping choices can <mark style="color:blue;">**make**</mark> a meaningful and <mark style="color:blue;">**permanent difference**</mark>. Seemingly very small efforts can do a lot to protect our planet for future generations.

## 72.

1. One Saturday afternoon, Eve was having coffee with her bestie Jenny at a cafe <mark style="color:blue;">**in her neighborhood**</mark>. They hadn't seen each other in months, so they had <mark style="color:blue;">**a lot of catching up to do**</mark>. While they were chatting <mark style="color:blue;">**over**</mark> coffee, Eve noticed there was a <mark style="color:blue;">**muscular**</mark> man drinking coffee alone <mark style="color:blue;">**at**</mark> a table next to <mark style="color:blue;">**theirs**</mark>. He looked like a <mark style="color:blue;">**thug**</mark> because his arms were <mark style="color:blue;">**heavily tattooed**</mark>.
2. About one hour later, <mark style="color:blue;">**it occurred to Eve**</mark> that she had to go home and <mark style="color:blue;">**do some laundry**</mark>. She then said goodbye to Jenny, and they went home separately. On her way home, Eve felt <mark style="color:blue;">**she was being stalked**</mark> by that <mark style="color:blue;">**robust**</mark> man and she was <mark style="color:blue;">**frightened**</mark>. Eve hid in a convenience store until she was sure the man was gone.
3. <mark style="color:blue;">**On arriving home**</mark>, she found that she didn't have her cellphone. She decided to <mark style="color:blue;">**report it to the police**</mark> because it had cost half of her monthly salary. When she entered the police station, <mark style="color:blue;">**much to her surprise**</mark>, she saw the <mark style="color:blue;">**muscular**</mark> man. He was handing her phone to the police and waved when he saw her. <mark style="color:blue;">**Realizing**</mark> that the man had been looking for her to give her the phone, she felt sorry for <mark style="color:blue;">**mistaking**</mark> him <mark style="color:blue;">**for**</mark> a <mark style="color:blue;">**malicious**</mark> stranger. She kept thanking the man <mark style="color:blue;">**for**</mark> his kindness. She even offered to treat him <mark style="color:blue;">**to**</mark> a cup of coffee <mark style="color:blue;">**the**</mark> next day, but he politely <mark style="color:blue;">**declined**</mark>.

## 73.

1. Dear Neighbor<mark style="color:blue;">**,**</mark> I understand that you have just recently moved into the building, so it <mark style="color:blue;">**stands to reason**</mark> that you <mark style="color:blue;">**are**</mark> probably <mark style="color:blue;">**unaware of**</mark> how thin the walls are. Let me <mark style="color:blue;">**assure**</mark> you they are quite thin. During the weekends I can hear you <mark style="color:blue;">**vacuuming**</mark> your rooms early in the morning. I can also clearly hear your long midnight phone conversations with your friend, <mark style="color:blue;">**let alone**</mark> the <mark style="color:blue;">**occasional**</mark> argument. Moreover, <mark style="color:blue;">**karaoke**</mark> parties can get pretty loud and <mark style="color:blue;">**penetrate**</mark> my bedroom wall. This I find <mark style="color:blue;">**particularly disturbing**</mark>, as I need to study until late at night.
2. It would be nice if some of these things could <mark style="color:blue;">**be adjusted to**</mark> a reasonable <mark style="color:blue;">**volume**</mark>. <mark style="color:blue;">**Don't get me wrong**</mark>; I want you to still enjoy yourself, but I also want you to realize some activities <mark style="color:blue;">**end up**</mark> becoming inconvenient <mark style="color:blue;">**disturbances**</mark> on the other side. So I <mark style="color:blue;">**earnestly request**</mark> that you try to <mark style="color:blue;">**keep**</mark> us, your neighbors, <mark style="color:blue;">**in mind**</mark> while <mark style="color:blue;">**carrying on**</mark> with your <mark style="color:blue;">**daily routine**</mark>.\
   &#x20;                                                                                                                                             <mark style="color:blue;">**Sincerely,**</mark>\
   &#x20;                                                                                                                                      Your Neighbor

## 74.

* He <mark style="color:blue;">**exclaims**</mark> "<mark style="color:blue;">**Checkmate**</mark>!" and shakes his opponent's hand, <mark style="color:blue;">**putting an end to**</mark> their <mark style="color:blue;">**competitive**</mark> chess game.
* Research has shown that people manage stress better and experience a <mark style="color:blue;">**boost**</mark> in their mood. What's more, their concentration and <mark style="color:blue;">**productivity**</mark> are significantly improved when <mark style="color:blue;">**they're around greenery**</mark>.
* The idea is the root of an issue that's <mark style="color:blue;">**plaguing**</mark> many universities in the UK and the US.
* Surrounded by tall office buildings, this Phra Phrom is <mark style="color:blue;">**frequented**</mark> by office workers hoping for <mark style="color:blue;">**prosperous business ventures**</mark> and students <mark style="color:blue;">**pleading for**</mark> <mark style="color:blue;">**exceptional exam marks**</mark>.
* The more frequently used small letters were put in the case on the lower part of the worker's desk <mark style="color:blue;">**within quick reach**</mark>.

## 75.

1. <mark style="color:blue;">**There is no denying**</mark> that college students in Taiwan have acquired a reputation for <mark style="color:blue;">**a lack of competitiveness**</mark>. In my opinion, this is largely due to the fact that they are somewhat <mark style="color:blue;">**shortsighted**</mark> in terms of their studies. They pay more attention to <mark style="color:blue;">**set materials**</mark> and <mark style="color:blue;">**adhere to**</mark> <mark style="color:blue;">**instructions**</mark> instead of <mark style="color:blue;">**taking any initiative**</mark>. Many are fearful of changes and tend to stay within their <mark style="color:blue;">**comfort zone**</mark>.
2. They prefer a stable lifestyle, which <mark style="color:blue;">**gradually**</mark> reduces their <mark style="color:blue;">**urge**</mark> to take risks. <mark style="color:blue;">**In the long run**</mark>, they are <mark style="color:blue;">**outshone**</mark> by their foreign <mark style="color:blue;">**counterparts**</mark>. <mark style="color:blue;">**In response to**</mark> this problem, a few things can be done to <mark style="color:blue;">**reverse**</mark> this negative trend. First, it's important to <mark style="color:blue;">**think outside the box**</mark>. Instead of always following others, Taiwanese students need to <mark style="color:blue;">**come up with**</mark> their own ideas and <mark style="color:blue;">**put them into action**</mark>.
3. They should take more <mark style="color:blue;">**elective courses**</mark> from other departments, not limiting their studies to their own research interests. Second, they should join clubs for <mark style="color:blue;">**hands-on experience**</mark>. It's important to participate in various activities to learn <mark style="color:blue;">**practical**</mark> skills. Lastly, I also suggest that they join research teams earlier in their studies. This will help them <mark style="color:blue;">**broaden their horizons**</mark> and keep themselves <mark style="color:blue;">**informed of**</mark> the latest trends in research. All in all, the above three things are what college students can do to be more <mark style="color:blue;">**competitive**</mark>.

## 76.

1. Like lots of people, I am a <mark style="color:blue;">**hard-core**</mark> fan of the Korean band BTS. The <mark style="color:blue;">**brisk**</mark> music, <mark style="color:blue;">**catchy lyrics**</mark>, and the band members' <mark style="color:blue;">**thrilling dance moves make for**</mark> great entertainment. I pay attention to everything BTS puts out, and I always share my favorite BTS music and videos with my best friends. Besides, I love collecting their movie <mark style="color:blue;">**soundtracks**</mark> and <mark style="color:blue;">**merchandise**</mark>.
2. Many <mark style="color:blue;">**staunch**</mark> supporters go to BTS concerts to see their idols up close. <mark style="color:blue;">**I am no exception**</mark>. I'm always there with <mark style="color:blue;">**banners**</mark> and <mark style="color:blue;">**fluorescent light sticks**</mark>. I even memorized most of the <mark style="color:blue;">**lyrics**</mark> of their songs. As a fangirl, I hope to <mark style="color:blue;">**strike gold**</mark> by getting to <mark style="color:blue;">**shake hands with**</mark> every BTS member, or get them to <mark style="color:blue;">**autograph**</mark> some photos for me.
3. Most of BTS's songs are positive; thus, listening to their music helps me find strength when I am <mark style="color:blue;">**enduring hardship**</mark>. In one of their best songs, my favorite band member sings about being a young boy moving to an unknown city to <mark style="color:blue;">**chase**</mark> his dreams. He obtained a lot of help from people around him, and he thanks them <mark style="color:blue;">**heartily**</mark> for <mark style="color:blue;">**standing by**</mark> him whenever <mark style="color:blue;">**he felt like giving up**</mark>. It's a heart-warming story with a happy ending. Listening to this kind of music <mark style="color:blue;">**exposes me to**</mark> stories hidden behind <mark style="color:blue;">**celebrities' fame**</mark>, which allows me to <mark style="color:blue;">**relate to**</mark> them and <mark style="color:blue;">**summon**</mark> the courage to face challenges the way they do.

## 77.

1. Steven and Linda wanted to go on a nice date. The couple did some research and decided to attend a performance of classical music by a <mark style="color:blue;">**touring group**</mark> that had come to their city. The concert would <mark style="color:blue;">**be held**</mark> at the LOL <mark style="color:blue;">**Music Hall**</mark>. <mark style="color:blue;">**On**</mark> the night of the show, the couple dressed <mark style="color:blue;">**in**</mark> their nicest clothes and <mark style="color:blue;">**headed**</mark> to the hall. As they entered the theater to find their seats, Steven noticed that one of the room's <mark style="color:blue;">**emergency exits was not kept clear of obstacles**</mark>. A lot of cleaning materials used by the building's <mark style="color:blue;">**janitors**</mark> were piled up against the door. <mark style="color:blue;">**Despite his concern**</mark>, Steven didn't say anything about it, as he didn't want to <mark style="color:blue;">**ruin**</mark> the wonderful night.
2. After getting to their seats, the couple <mark style="color:blue;">**settled**</mark> in for an enjoyable performance. They were listening to an excellent piece of music when they heard a <mark style="color:blue;">**murmur**</mark> <mark style="color:blue;">**ripple through**</mark> the crowd. Suddenly, Linda could smell smoke. Indeed, it seemed to be coming from one of the doors along the side of the theater. People <mark style="color:blue;">**leapt to their feet**</mark> and <mark style="color:blue;">**scrambled toward the exits**</mark>. However, the door Steven had noticed <mark style="color:blue;">**was blocked**</mark> by boxes! In the end, everyone escaped <mark style="color:blue;">**through**</mark> the other exits, but Steven realized that <mark style="color:blue;">**he should have said something**</mark> about the blocked door when he first noticed it. <mark style="color:blue;">**After all**</mark>, safety is more important than <mark style="color:blue;">**entertainment**</mark>.

## 78.

1. The past decade saw a <mark style="color:blue;">**boom**</mark> of <mark style="color:blue;">**English Medium Instruction**</mark> (EMI) in higher education, and I <mark style="color:blue;">**am**</mark> quite <mark style="color:blue;">**optimistic about**</mark> this <mark style="color:blue;">**phenomenon**</mark>. <mark style="color:blue;">**For one thing**</mark>, EMI courses can bring students double benefits: professional <mark style="color:blue;">**expertise**</mark> and higher English <mark style="color:blue;">**proficiency**</mark>; these two, <mark style="color:blue;">**taken**</mark> together, give graduates <mark style="color:blue;">**a competitive edge**</mark> to stand out and <mark style="color:blue;">**secure coveted**</mark> positions in a tough job market. Tourism, international trade, IT, sciences, <mark style="color:blue;">**academia**</mark>, and banking are just a few of the job <mark style="color:blue;">**domains where**</mark> English is used for communication.
2. <mark style="color:blue;">**For another**</mark>, the reasons for universities to <mark style="color:blue;">**switch to**</mark> teaching in English are apparent. Aside from <mark style="color:blue;">**boosting**</mark> graduates' career <mark style="color:blue;">**prospects**</mark>, EMI attracts brilliant international students who not only are valuable <mark style="color:blue;">**assets**</mark> to the schools but also <mark style="color:blue;">**generate**</mark> a considerable <mark style="color:blue;">**revenue stream**</mark> for the institutions.
3. Moreover, having <mark style="color:blue;">**faculty proficient in**</mark> English helps <mark style="color:blue;">**facilitate academic exchange**</mark>, increase the number of research papers published in international journals, and <mark style="color:blue;">**raise**</mark> the university's world <mark style="color:blue;">**ranking**</mark>. In this <mark style="color:blue;">**regard**</mark>, <mark style="color:blue;">**implementing**</mark> internationalization strategies such as EMI courses and global partnerships is vital for the <mark style="color:blue;">**sustainable**</mark> development of a university and its students.
4. To better prepare myself for EMI courses, I will keep improving my English <mark style="color:blue;">**proficiency**</mark> with the aid of <mark style="color:blue;">**a wide array of**</mark> amazing online resources. Take, for example, "ABC," an app that I have used for 3 years. It not only <mark style="color:blue;">**arouses**</mark> my interest in English but allows me to learn <mark style="color:blue;">**anytime and anywhere**</mark>. When <mark style="color:blue;">**activating**</mark> the app, I can <mark style="color:blue;">**access**</mark> plenty of videos of fun topics and <mark style="color:blue;">**immerse myself in**</mark> a real-life English-speaking environment.
5. Besides, the <mark style="color:blue;">**captions**</mark> are interactive. When I <mark style="color:blue;">**tap on**</mark> any word I don't know, I will see an image, a short <mark style="color:blue;">**definition**</mark>, or useful examples beside it, all of <mark style="color:blue;">**which**</mark> <mark style="color:blue;">**accelerate**</mark> my learning. Also, the app will <mark style="color:blue;">**generate**</mark> oral or written tests related to the video that I have just watched so I can <mark style="color:blue;">**re-examine**</mark> my understanding. What's better, the app keeps <mark style="color:blue;">**tracking**</mark> words I am learning and recommends <mark style="color:blue;">**clips**</mark> for me to watch based on these words. With apps like this <mark style="color:blue;">**at hand**</mark>, I have <mark style="color:blue;">**enhanced**</mark> my English listening, speaking, reading, and writing skills.
6. When it comes to <mark style="color:blue;">**getting the most out of**</mark> the English-taught <mark style="color:blue;">**lectures**</mark>, I will <mark style="color:blue;">**make it a rule to**</mark> preview and review learning materials well enough to <mark style="color:blue;">**actively participate in**</mark> class activities. The more I practice English, the more automatic and natural English use becomes. <mark style="color:blue;">**In sum**</mark>, I am ready to take the challenge EMI <mark style="color:blue;">**poses**</mark> and <mark style="color:blue;">**look forward to**</mark> the great learning experiences it will offer.

## 79.

1. Campus security and safety has long been a top <mark style="color:blue;">**priority**</mark> for schools <mark style="color:blue;">**nationwide**</mark>. While schools of all levels <mark style="color:blue;">**are devoted to protecting**</mark> and <mark style="color:blue;">**maintaining**</mark> the <mark style="color:blue;">**wellbeing**</mark> of their students and <mark style="color:blue;">**faculty**</mark>, they are now facing a great variety of <mark style="color:blue;">**intimidating**</mark> challenges, from <mark style="color:blue;">**deadly pandemics**</mark> to violent crimes. <mark style="color:blue;">**Inherently**</mark>, schools may not only act as <mark style="color:blue;">**breeding grounds**</mark> for <mark style="color:blue;">**contagious**</mark> diseases such as colds and <mark style="color:blue;">**measles**</mark> but also <mark style="color:blue;">**foster**</mark> their rapid <mark style="color:blue;">**transmission**</mark> due to close contacts among large numbers of people, some of <mark style="color:blue;">**whom**</mark> may not have <mark style="color:blue;">**developed immunity**</mark>.
2. Besides, in recent years, school districts have <mark style="color:blue;">**witnessed**</mark> an increase in <mark style="color:blue;">**brutal offences**</mark>, including <mark style="color:blue;">**crimes of passion**</mark>, <mark style="color:blue;">**sexual assault**</mark> and <mark style="color:blue;">**random killings**</mark>. Take, for example, the murder of a four-year-old that <mark style="color:blue;">**sent shock waves**</mark> through the whole society. It was reported that on the <mark style="color:blue;">**sidewalk**</mark> outside an elementary school, the <mark style="color:blue;">**toddler**</mark>, nicknamed Little Lightbulb, was <mark style="color:blue;">**snatched**</mark> from her bike by a knife-<mark style="color:blue;">**wielding**</mark> man and <mark style="color:blue;">**beheaded**</mark> in full view of her mom <mark style="color:blue;">**in broad daylight**</mark>. I <mark style="color:blue;">**dare not**</mark> imagine what might have happened if the murderer had <mark style="color:blue;">**broken into**</mark> the school. Tragedies like this <mark style="color:blue;">**outrage**</mark> the public and <mark style="color:blue;">**sound the alarm**</mark> on campus safety issues.
3. To keep schools safe, I would like to <mark style="color:blue;">**propose**</mark> the following suggestions. Firstly, knowledge is power. Understanding the ways different <mark style="color:blue;">**infectious**</mark> diseases spread allows us to <mark style="color:blue;">**take effective precautions**</mark>. This <mark style="color:blue;">**rings true amid**</mark> the recent COVID-19 crisis. Knowing that <mark style="color:blue;">**novel coronavirus**</mark> is mainly <mark style="color:blue;">**transmitted**</mark> between people through <mark style="color:blue;">**respiratory droplets**</mark>, we responded promptly and <mark style="color:blue;">**implemented**</mark> strict guidelines such as temperature taking, mask wearing, hand washing, eating <mark style="color:blue;">**in isolation**</mark> and <mark style="color:blue;">**social distancing**</mark>. And our efforts have brought great results: Our school is still <mark style="color:blue;">**in session**</mark>, providing quality learning, during the <mark style="color:blue;">**outbreak**</mark>.
4. As to preventing incidents of all kinds, <mark style="color:blue;">**be it**</mark> <mark style="color:blue;">**theft**</mark>, bullying, <mark style="color:blue;">**vandalism**</mark> or <mark style="color:blue;">**harassment**</mark>, we can increase <mark style="color:blue;">**patrols**</mark> as well as install <mark style="color:blue;">**surveillance cameras**</mark>, card access systems, and <mark style="color:blue;">**electric fences**</mark> to <mark style="color:blue;">**deter potential**</mark> crimes. Also, holding Safety Week is a <mark style="color:blue;">**viable**</mark> way to <mark style="color:blue;">**raise**</mark> fellow students' <mark style="color:blue;">**awareness**</mark> of risks, promote safety tips, and <mark style="color:blue;">**cultivate**</mark> a culture of <mark style="color:blue;">**shared**</mark> responsibility and <mark style="color:blue;">**vigilance**</mark>. Most importantly, to <mark style="color:blue;">**safeguard**</mark> our campus, we are currently working on a GPS-<mark style="color:blue;">**enabled**</mark> safety app that <mark style="color:blue;">**integrates**</mark> emergency contacts, security <mark style="color:blue;">**escorts**</mark>, an alarm, alerts and a <mark style="color:blue;">**forum**</mark> to exchange intelligence into one <mark style="color:blue;">**sleek**</mark>, easy-to-use interface. Being able to act before a crisis can escalate is always better. And I am confident that the <mark style="color:blue;">**above-mentioned**</mark> measures can help <mark style="color:blue;">**ease**</mark> campus safety <mark style="color:blue;">**concerns**</mark>.

## 80.

1. This morning, seeing the warm sunlight <mark style="color:blue;">**flood into**</mark> the living room, Dad said, "What a beautiful day! Let's go on a long-<mark style="color:blue;">**expected**</mark> family trip." Mom and I <mark style="color:blue;">**let out**</mark> shouts of joy. After finishing packing, Mom and I handed Dad all the luggage to be <mark style="color:blue;">**stowed**</mark> in the <mark style="color:blue;">**trunk**</mark>. Off we went to <mark style="color:blue;">**embark on**</mark> our exciting adventure. Twenty minutes <mark style="color:blue;">**into**</mark> our trip, we were stuck in a <mark style="color:blue;">**severe**</mark> traffic jam. Hundreds of cars <mark style="color:blue;">**stranded**</mark> on the highway resulted in <mark style="color:blue;">**bumper-to-bumper traffic**</mark>, <mark style="color:blue;">**transforming**</mark> the road <mark style="color:blue;">**into**</mark> a big parking lot. It <mark style="color:blue;">**turned out**</mark> that a taxi <mark style="color:blue;">**collided with**</mark> a truck.
2. Getting out of their <mark style="color:blue;">**damaged vehicles**</mark>, the two drivers <mark style="color:blue;">**erupted into a fierce argument over**</mark> who should be <mark style="color:blue;">**held accountable for**</mark> the unpleasant incident and most importantly the <mark style="color:blue;">**compensation**</mark>. After hours of sitting in a <mark style="color:blue;">**barely**</mark> moving line of traffic, some impatient drivers kept <mark style="color:blue;">**sounding their horns**</mark> while others <mark style="color:blue;">**groaned**</mark>, <mark style="color:blue;">**shouted insults**</mark>, and yelled, "Move your cars to the <mark style="color:blue;">**road shoulder**</mark>. Don't get in our way and waste our precious time." Hearing that, the embarrassed drivers <mark style="color:blue;">**apologized to**</mark> everyone for the <mark style="color:blue;">**inconvenience**</mark> they had caused and had their cars <mark style="color:blue;">**towed away**</mark>.
3. After <mark style="color:blue;">**the farce came to an end**</mark>, we got on the road again. An hour later, we arrived at our <mark style="color:blue;">**destination**</mark>—the Taipei Zoo—<mark style="color:blue;">**only to**</mark> find a vast sea of visitors flocking in front of the main gate. I <mark style="color:blue;">**shook my head in disbelief**</mark>. An idea <mark style="color:blue;">**flashed into my mind**</mark>. Instead of waiting in the <mark style="color:blue;">**seemingly endless**</mark> line and <mark style="color:blue;">**squeezing through**</mark> the entrance to join the birthday party of Yuan Zai, the lovely baby panda, I suggested going picnicking at the nearby riverside park. <mark style="color:blue;">**Wandering about**</mark> for a while, we finally chose a shaded <mark style="color:blue;">**patch**</mark> of grass under a tree as our ideal picnic spot.
4. Dad and I went to buy some cold drinks while Mom half-opened the <mark style="color:blue;">**lids**</mark> of the food containers to prevent the sandwiches from <mark style="color:blue;">**going soggy**</mark>. The ketchup and <mark style="color:blue;">**salad dressing**</mark> made Mom's hands sticky so she went to the restroom to clean herself up. As all of us were away, the delicious smell <mark style="color:blue;">**drifting in the air tempted**</mark> the hungry monkey down. After <mark style="color:blue;">**stuffing**</mark> a big plastic bag <mark style="color:blue;">**with**</mark> apples and his favorite snacks, the greedy animal <mark style="color:blue;">**grabbed his rewards**</mark>, climbed back to the tree and hid in the branches.
5. Returning to the picnic site, we were shocked to see the basket empty and the blanket in a terrible mess. Suddenly, I <mark style="color:blue;">**was hit hard on the head**</mark> by the <mark style="color:blue;">**apple cores**</mark> thrown from <mark style="color:blue;">**out of nowhere**</mark>. Looking up, we saw a monkey <mark style="color:blue;">**flashing a naughty grin**</mark> and <mark style="color:blue;">**making faces at us**</mark>. We <mark style="color:blue;">**came to realize**</mark> it was the monkey that stole our food and <mark style="color:blue;">**ruined**</mark> our picnic. Rather than <mark style="color:blue;">**hunting down**</mark> the "shameless thief," we looked at each other and <mark style="color:blue;">**burst into roaring laughter**</mark>. This <mark style="color:blue;">**episode**</mark> did make our <mark style="color:blue;">**outing**</mark> unforgettable.

## 81.

1. Before May, I had never really thought about <mark style="color:blue;">**distance learning**</mark> or <mark style="color:blue;">**assessed**</mark> it for my own use. I knew other countries were <mark style="color:blue;">**implementing**</mark> it because of COVID-19, and here in Taiwan, my uncle <mark style="color:blue;">**occasionally**</mark> told me about his online degree program from an American university. However, <mark style="color:blue;">**now that**</mark> I have experienced distance learning <mark style="color:blue;">**firsthand**</mark>, I can say without question that I'm not a fan of how it has been <mark style="color:blue;">**implemented**</mark> here. I know my <mark style="color:blue;">**instructors**</mark> are under pressure, but it often seems like they're <mark style="color:blue;">**taking it out on us**</mark> without considering that we are terribly <mark style="color:blue;">**stressed**</mark> by the <mark style="color:blue;">**pandemic**</mark> as well.
2. <mark style="color:blue;">**Just a few weeks into lockdown**</mark>, my history teacher gave us an essay-based test. All day, my Internet connection had been <mark style="color:blue;">**unreliable**</mark>, and when I tried to <mark style="color:blue;">**submit**</mark> my essay, I couldn't do it. I <mark style="color:blue;">**clicked**</mark> the "<mark style="color:blue;">**submit**</mark>" button <mark style="color:blue;">**frantically**</mark>, but I was nearly a minute late. <mark style="color:blue;">**The cherry on top of**</mark> this <mark style="color:blue;">**frenzied**</mark> experience was that I received a zero for my trouble. I was <mark style="color:blue;">**aghast**</mark>, so my parents encouraged me to <mark style="color:blue;">**appeal to**</mark> my teacher in writing. It was <mark style="color:blue;">**to no avail**</mark>: the zero remained. My older brother saw my <mark style="color:blue;">**distress**</mark> and sent an <mark style="color:blue;">**indignant**</mark> letter to my teacher to support my story, but my teacher <mark style="color:blue;">**stood firm**</mark>. Such a <mark style="color:blue;">**rigid**</mark> obedience to <mark style="color:blue;">**arbitrary**</mark> rules <mark style="color:blue;">**breeds**</mark> fear and <mark style="color:blue;">**resentment**</mark> in students, as <mark style="color:blue;">**demonstrated**</mark> by the reactions of my brother and me. Schools should use the unique opportunity of <mark style="color:blue;">**distance learning**</mark> to improve our education, not just to maintain harmful, <mark style="color:blue;">**punitive**</mark> old systems.

## 82.

1. When it comes to choosing a roommate, two qualities <mark style="color:blue;">**spring to mind**</mark>: cleanliness and <mark style="color:blue;">**tidiness**</mark>, and consideration. Roommates should be clean and <mark style="color:blue;">**tidy**</mark> because they share with us the kitchen, bathroom and living room. They should also be considerate when we need quiet. A roommate without these qualities <mark style="color:blue;">**is bound to**</mark> make life a living hell. I once heard my cousin John tell a story about a dirty and inconsiderate roommate. While in college, he shared a small apartment with a freshman named Bill. They <mark style="color:blue;">**had nothing in common**</mark> and rarely spoke to each other. One liked <mark style="color:blue;">**meditation**</mark> and the other liked rock music.
2. The biggest problem, <mark style="color:blue;">**though**</mark>, was that Bill never thought about others. Whenever John was <mark style="color:blue;">**seeking inner peace**</mark> through <mark style="color:blue;">**meditation**</mark>, Bill would <mark style="color:blue;">**liven up the atmosphere**</mark> with heavy metal. <mark style="color:blue;">**Worse yet**</mark>, when he finished <mark style="color:blue;">**takeout meal**</mark>, he often <mark style="color:blue;">**discarded**</mark> the packaging on the living room floor; after he came back from a soccer game, he usually <mark style="color:blue;">**scattered**</mark> his dirty clothes throughout the house; and after everyone went to bed, he always <mark style="color:blue;">**turned up his stereo to full blast**</mark>. The final straw came when Bill invited few friends over to a loud party. They got drunk, a fight <mark style="color:blue;">**broke out**</mark>, neighbors called the police, and the landlord <mark style="color:blue;">**evicted**</mark> John and Bill afterward. <mark style="color:blue;">**If only**</mark> poor John <mark style="color:blue;">**had lived with**</mark> someone considerate as well as clean and <mark style="color:blue;">**tidy**</mark>!

## 83.

1. The ancient civilizations of the West <mark style="color:blue;">**inspire awe**</mark> when we look at all they created. These societies <mark style="color:blue;">**made great strides in**</mark> architecture, constructing the marvels that we now call the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World. / Scholars still debate how it was constructed, but they know it probably wasn't slaves or aliens who were responsible for this <mark style="color:blue;">**grand undertaking**</mark>. / Keeping <mark style="color:blue;">**lush**</mark> gardens <mark style="color:blue;">**alive**</mark> in the desert of modern-day Iraq required <mark style="color:blue;">**a sophisticated irrigation system**</mark> which forced water to flow uphill at certain points.

## 84.

1. <mark style="color:blue;">**Surge**</mark> in hate crimes perpetrated against Asian Americans has occurred <mark style="color:blue;">**alongside**</mark> COVID-19 in 2020 and 2021. Though <mark style="color:blue;">**advocacy**</mark> groups such as Stop AAPI Hate are working diligently to <mark style="color:blue;">**raise awareness**</mark> about this, the numbers of <mark style="color:blue;">**assaults**</mark> and report of <mark style="color:blue;">**harassment**</mark> continue to <mark style="color:blue;">**skyrocket**</mark>. / It's even been reported that former President Trump's <mark style="color:blue;">**rhetoric**</mark> around the coronavirus <mark style="color:blue;">**has been partly to blame**</mark>. His use of the terms "Kung flu" and "Wuhan virus" certainly did nothing to establish a calm approach to handling the health care and social crises of 2020. / Statistics from the Center for the Study of Hate and Extremism <mark style="color:blue;">**documented**</mark> a 149% increase, <mark style="color:blue;">**with**</mark> 49 hate crimes <mark style="color:blue;">**occurring**</mark> across 16 major cities in 2019 and 122 in 2020.

## 85.

1. As the music plays, they begin <mark style="color:blue;">**a spectacular sequence of kicks, spins, and cartwheels**</mark>. / True capoeira <mark style="color:blue;">**harnesses**</mark> creativity; it <mark style="color:blue;">**thrives on**</mark> improvisation. / <mark style="color:blue;">**As**</mark> a fighting style, capoeira <mark style="color:blue;">**improves flexibility**</mark>, builds body strength, and <mark style="color:blue;">**sharpens coordination**</mark>, while its musical elements help <mark style="color:blue;">**heighten rhythmic skills**</mark>.

## 86.

1. Taiwan is a great place to live, but it certainly isn't perfect. In fact, for people with <mark style="color:blue;">**physical disabilities**</mark>, it can be <mark style="color:blue;">**downright**</mark> challenging to get around. I sue a wheelchair, so many of the things that walking people can easily overcome are significant <mark style="color:blue;">**barriers**</mark> to me. One example is shops - many <mark style="color:blue;">**storefronts**</mark> have a step up to get inside, or are even on upper floor in buildings without elevators. Even those I can enter usually have <mark style="color:blue;">**aisles**</mark> too narrow to <mark style="color:blue;">**squeeze**</mark> my chair <mark style="color:blue;">**into**</mark>. This means most indoor spaces are <mark style="color:blue;">**inaccessible**</mark> for me.
2. <mark style="color:blue;">**Neither is the situation any better outside**</mark>, as sidewalks are crowded with scooters or other <mark style="color:blue;">**obstacles**</mark>, making them impossible to <mark style="color:blue;">**navigate in**</mark> a chair. I often am <mark style="color:blue;">**relegated**</mark> to using the street, which is extremely dangerous! I think it's <mark style="color:blue;">**impractical**</mark> to ask individual companies to make their stores more <mark style="color:blue;">**accessible**</mark>, or to try and move sidewalk <mark style="color:blue;">**obstacles**</mark> one by one. Therefore, this is an area <mark style="color:blue;">**where**</mark> implementing <mark style="color:blue;">**large-scale**</mark> change is necessary. If the government can pass and <mark style="color:blue;">**enforce laws**</mark> requiring great <mark style="color:blue;">**accessibility**</mark> in private businesses and on public sidewalks, it would make life easier not just for people <mark style="color:blue;">**in**</mark> wheelchairs, but for just about everyone else, too. This is one change that could <mark style="color:blue;">**benefit**</mark> Taiwan <mark style="color:blue;">**on the whole**</mark>, so it's one I fully support.

## 87.

1. The <mark style="color:blue;">**chart tracked**</mark> the reading habits of those <mark style="color:blue;">**aged**</mark> 15 and above. What first catches my eye is that <mark style="color:blue;">**compared with that**</mark> in 2012, the reading rate in 2017 showed a <mark style="color:blue;">**downturn trend**</mark>. Also, among the readers, the <mark style="color:blue;">**gender gap**</mark> was obvious. Women tended to read more than men. And when it comes to <mark style="color:blue;">**genres**</mark>, interestingly, novels were more popular <mark style="color:blue;">**with**</mark> both male and female readers than <mark style="color:blue;">**non-fiction**</mark> books.
2. One <mark style="color:blue;">**driver**</mark> of the decline in <mark style="color:blue;">**literacy reading**</mark> may be the <mark style="color:blue;">**abundance**</mark> of highly distracting mobile devices, <mark style="color:blue;">**along with**</mark> the <mark style="color:blue;">**easy access to**</mark> the Internet. A common <mark style="color:blue;">**sight**</mark> in restaurants, on the MRT or wherever people hang out goes like this: Head down, <mark style="color:blue;">**eyes glued to screen**</mark>, <mark style="color:blue;">**finger scrolling down feeds**</mark>, <mark style="color:blue;">**applying**</mark> Instagram <mark style="color:blue;">**filters to**</mark> their selfies, filling their <mark style="color:blue;">**overstimulated**</mark> head with the never-ending forward march of <mark style="color:blue;">**juicy gossips**</mark>. It <mark style="color:blue;">**turns out**</mark> that time spent on smartphone screens increases to the point <mark style="color:blue;">**where**</mark> it <mark style="color:blue;">**takes over**</mark> many people's lives altogether. This leaves them little time and less <mark style="color:blue;">**motivated**</mark> to read. Besides, as the digital and graphic culture <mark style="color:blue;">**flourishes**</mark>, reading <mark style="color:blue;">**frustrated**</mark> people's smartphone sense of being everywhere at once and getting everything within seconds. They cannot help <mark style="color:blue;">**feeling**</mark> stuck on the page when reading and soon get bored as well as impatient.
3. <mark style="color:blue;">**As for**</mark> the <mark style="color:blue;">**lag**</mark> in men's reading, this phenomenon may have something to do with the <mark style="color:blue;">**gender stereotypes**</mark>. Boys are often encouraged to <mark style="color:blue;">**stay active**</mark> in physical activities, from basketball to street dancing, instead of <mark style="color:blue;">**immersing themselves in**</mark> books, which has long been considered an <mark style="color:blue;">**exclusively girly**</mark> thing. And what <mark style="color:blue;">**prompts**</mark> all the readers to choose fictions <mark style="color:blue;">**over non-fiction**</mark> books is that <mark style="color:blue;">**the latter**</mark> are labelled as <mark style="color:blue;">**informative**</mark>, <mark style="color:blue;">**academic**</mark>, serious, and in short, not fun to read. <mark style="color:blue;">**Viewed**</mark> together, reading <mark style="color:blue;">**gradually**</mark> loses its charm <mark style="color:blue;">**to digital culture**</mark>, which <mark style="color:blue;">**envelopes**</mark> the world quickly and <mark style="color:blue;">**thoroughly**</mark>.

## 88.

1. If you do not feel like cooking or going shopping, then delivery service is all you need. With <mark style="color:blue;">**access to**</mark> the Internet, the food you like to eat or the <mark style="color:blue;">**purchase**</mark> you want to <mark style="color:blue;">**make**</mark> is just <mark style="color:blue;">**a click away**</mark>. In the <mark style="color:blue;">**table**</mark> are three delivery <mark style="color:blue;">**platforms**</mark>, each of <mark style="color:blue;">**which**</mark> has its <mark style="color:blue;">**characteristics**</mark>. UBirds, for example, delivers not only cooked food but fresh food and <mark style="color:blue;">**daily necessities**</mark> as well, <mark style="color:blue;">**for**</mark> a fee for 30 dollars. But free shipping is <mark style="color:blue;">**available**</mark> on orders that are over $100. <mark style="color:blue;">**With the pandemic raging**</mark>, another <mark style="color:blue;">**platform**</mark>, Yawoo, <mark style="color:blue;">**boasts**</mark> zero-contact delivery services for the benefits of customers and deliveryman.
2. It <mark style="color:blue;">**charges**</mark> a <mark style="color:blue;">**competitive**</mark> fee of <mark style="color:blue;">**less than**</mark> 30 dollars, lower than <mark style="color:blue;">**that**</mark> of UBirds. <mark style="color:blue;">**Better yet**</mark>, no fee is required if an <mark style="color:blue;">**order**</mark> is <mark style="color:blue;">**placed**</mark> between 2pm to 4pm. <mark style="color:blue;">**As for**</mark> Foodbear, <mark style="color:blue;">**it is characterized**</mark> by the number of <mark style="color:blue;">**fancy**</mark> restaurants it works with <mark style="color:blue;">**despite**</mark> a higher <mark style="color:blue;">**shipping fee**</mark>, 49 dollars per <mark style="color:blue;">**trip**</mark>. However, customers who pay <mark style="color:blue;">**with**</mark> credit cards can enjoy a 5% <mark style="color:blue;">**discount**</mark> on their <mark style="color:blue;">**purchases**</mark>. Although these platforms can <mark style="color:blue;">**spare**</mark> people the trouble of cooking, I myself haven't used and won't use food delivery services. In my opinion, such services are <mark style="color:blue;">**endangering**</mark> workers of this business and polluting the environment. Deliverymen often <mark style="color:blue;">**risk their lives**</mark> as they <mark style="color:blue;">**weave through**</mark> busy traffic <mark style="color:blue;">**on**</mark> motorcycles to deliver meals from restaurant kitchens to office buildings and apartments.
3. The more motorcycles there are <mark style="color:blue;">**running**</mark> on the streets, the more tons of carbon are <mark style="color:blue;">**being released**</mark> into the air. Deliverymen <mark style="color:blue;">**suck in**</mark> smog, which <mark style="color:blue;">**in turn**</mark> puts their health in danger. <mark style="color:blue;">**Apart from**</mark> deliverymen, the environment also <mark style="color:blue;">**suffers**</mark>. To be delivered, food must be served <mark style="color:blue;">**in**</mark> plastic or paper <mark style="color:blue;">**containers**</mark>. How many food <mark style="color:blue;">**containers**</mark>, plastic cups and <mark style="color:blue;">**lids**</mark>, and <mark style="color:blue;">**disposable utensils**</mark> are thrown away every day? All of these will definitely <mark style="color:blue;">**take a heavy toll on**</mark> the earth <mark style="color:blue;">**in the long run**</mark>. Therefore, for the sake of the environment and the safety of deliverymen, I won't have a <mark style="color:blue;">**wrapped**</mark> meal delivered to me.

## 89.

1. We never know what will happen in the next second. One moment, we could be living our lives by the same old routines that we always follow, and in the next instant, those routines could <mark style="color:blue;">**be turned upside down**</mark>. For me, there's no better example of this than the time my family got into a <mark style="color:blue;">**car crash**</mark>. Within <mark style="color:blue;">**literally the blink of an eye**</mark>, our lives were all changed forever. My mom was driving, with me, my older brother, and my father in the passenger seats. As we <mark style="color:blue;">**were accelerating through an intersection**</mark>, another car ran the red light and <mark style="color:blue;">**slammed into us**</mark>. It's a miracle nobody was killed, but the bones in my mother's lower body were <mark style="color:blue;">**shattered**</mark>, and my brother <mark style="color:blue;">**suffered**</mark> a broken arm.
2. In the weeks and months that ensued, my mom had numerous surgeries to <mark style="color:blue;">**reconstruct**</mark> her legs and feet, and she was <mark style="color:blue;">**wheelchair-bound**</mark> with <mark style="color:blue;">**persistent**</mark> pain. My brother also had to quit the school basketball team, <mark style="color:blue;">**as**</mark> he couldn't play with only one good arm. my dad and I helped out as much as we could, but we also were <mark style="color:blue;">**tormented**</mark> by memories of the accident. <mark style="color:blue;">**Thankfully**</mark>, my mom and brother both <mark style="color:blue;">**made a full recovery**</mark> in time. Since then, our views on life <mark style="color:blue;">**have been transformed**</mark> - we try not to <mark style="color:blue;">**take**</mark> a single moment of our time as a family <mark style="color:blue;">**for granted**</mark>, because we never know when it might come to an end. Though the crash was <mark style="color:blue;">**traumatic**</mark>, the shared experience ultimately <mark style="color:blue;">**reinforced**</mark> my family's <mark style="color:blue;">**bonds**</mark>.

## 90.

1. The anniversary sales of Sogo Shopping Mall <mark style="color:blue;">**were in full swing**</mark>. This early morning, Emily awakened her daughter, Alice, <mark style="color:blue;">**at**</mark> dawn and <mark style="color:blue;">**fixed**</mark> her a tasty breakfast. Then off they went, taking the MRT to their shopping heaven. Outside of the entrance, <mark style="color:blue;">**bargain hunters**</mark> who were eager to <mark style="color:blue;">**lay their hands on**</mark> the best-buys had formed <mark style="color:blue;">**winding**</mark> lines that <mark style="color:blue;">**stretched**</mark> for miles. Emily and Alice <mark style="color:blue;">**marched**</mark> to join the crowd. As soon as the giant <mark style="color:blue;">**revolving door**</mark> opened, Emily <mark style="color:blue;">**dragged**</mark> her daughter in <mark style="color:blue;">**for feat that**</mark> she would miss out on the <mark style="color:blue;">**good deals**</mark>.
2. <mark style="color:blue;">**Upon**</mark> stepping inside, she saw numerous signs that <mark style="color:blue;">**read**</mark>, "Buy one and get one free" and "All ninety percent off." She couldn't wait to start her <mark style="color:blue;">**shopping spree**</mark>. <mark style="color:blue;">**Darting**</mark> from shop to shop, she bought ten bags of <mark style="color:blue;">**cosmetics**</mark>, five pairs of sneakers and eight skirts. With her two hands full of <mark style="color:blue;">**bulging**</mark> shopping bags, she <mark style="color:blue;">**had no choice but to**</mark> let go of Alice's hand, but she <mark style="color:blue;">**cautioned**</mark>, "Alice, <mark style="color:blue;">**cling to**</mark> the edge of my T-shirt tightly and follow me closely."
3. With more and more shoppers <mark style="color:blue;">**flooding in**</mark>, the only connection between them was cut off. <mark style="color:blue;">**Losing sight of**</mark> her mom and surrounded by crowds of complete strangers, Alice <mark style="color:blue;">**went into a panic**</mark>. She <mark style="color:blue;">**scrambled to squeeze through**</mark> the <mark style="color:blue;">**dense mass**</mark> to look for her mom. Ten minutes <mark style="color:blue;">**into**</mark> her fervent search but <mark style="color:blue;">**in vain**</mark>, Alice <mark style="color:blue;">**burst out crying**</mark> and <mark style="color:blue;">**let out**</mark> horrible screams, "Mom, where are you? Please come pick me up. I am so scared." Her move drew <mark style="color:blue;">**passersby's**</mark> attention and a kind man walked toward her and asked, "You seem lost. Do you want me to take you to the <mark style="color:blue;">**Information Desk**</mark>?"
4. Wiping away the tears, Alice nodded her head in silent agreement. <mark style="color:blue;">**Upon**</mark> arrival, Alice told the clerk what happened in detail and the clerk then <mark style="color:blue;">**broadcast**</mark> an urgent message to prompt Emily to meet her daughter. <mark style="color:blue;">**No sooner had the broadcast been over than Emily showed up**</mark>. Hearing a familiar voice calling her name, Alice looked up and saw her mom <mark style="color:blue;">**whose brows furrowed**</mark> and whose face turned <mark style="color:blue;">**ghostly**</mark> pale with worries and fear. Alice immediately <mark style="color:blue;">**threw herself into her mom's arms**</mark>. "Alice, I am terribly sorry. I will never let you <mark style="color:blue;">**out of my sight**</mark>, especially in such a crowded place," said Emily. The two finally reunited, both <mark style="color:blue;">**shedding**</mark> tears of joy.

## 91.

1. When Taiwan becomes a super-aged society one day, we will surely become less <mark style="color:blue;">**visible**</mark> on the world map <mark style="color:blue;">**in terms of**</mark> our <mark style="color:blue;">**competitiveness**</mark>. A super-aged society is one <mark style="color:blue;">**where**</mark> the number of the elderly roughly equals to <mark style="color:blue;">**that**</mark> of the working-age population. This means part of our present <mark style="color:blue;">**productivity**</mark> will <mark style="color:blue;">**be robbed of**</mark>, since less individuals in the society are qualified to be employed to <mark style="color:blue;">**contribute**</mark> their efforts. Taiwan's influence <mark style="color:blue;">**on**</mark> the whole world will <mark style="color:blue;">**dwindle**</mark>, because we are easily replaced by other countries due to our inability to offer quality service and products. What's worse, an increased number of the <mark style="color:blue;">**senior population inevitably**</mark> requires a more powerful and <mark style="color:blue;">**extensive**</mark> healthcare <mark style="color:blue;">**workforce**</mark>. This again in a way threatens the general <mark style="color:blue;">**well-being**</mark> of the whole society.
2. To <mark style="color:blue;">**secure**</mark> the <mark style="color:blue;">**vitality**</mark> and <mark style="color:blue;">**prosperity**</mark> of our society for future generations, it is <mark style="color:blue;">**crucial**</mark> that the Taiwan government <mark style="color:blue;">**take immediate measures**</mark> to <mark style="color:blue;">**boost**</mark> birth rate. There are many ways <mark style="color:blue;">**available**</mark> though. For example, they can use tax <mark style="color:blue;">**incentives**</mark> to encourage couples to <mark style="color:blue;">**give birth to**</mark> more children. Also, they can improve public <mark style="color:blue;">**childcare facilities**</mark> that would <mark style="color:blue;">**ease**</mark> the burden of parents. Some suggest the government that they provide <mark style="color:blue;">**interest-free loans**</mark> for parents of more than two kids. Taiwan government must <mark style="color:blue;">**take**</mark> the issue of low birth rate <mark style="color:blue;">**seriously**</mark> and <mark style="color:blue;">**confront it head-on**</mark> with supportive policies. If nothing is being done now to <mark style="color:blue;">**tackle**</mark> the problem, it will be too late when the only thing Taiwanese can do is turn to their grandparents for help.

## 92.

1. Li-ling couldn't <mark style="color:blue;">**keep still**</mark> as she waited at the arrival get of Taoyuan International Airport. Today was finally the day! After <mark style="color:blue;">**what felt like hours**</mark>, she saw the familiar blond mane and <mark style="color:blue;">**dashing**</mark> smile of her boyfriend, Kent. They immediately hugged in greeting, <mark style="color:blue;">**delighted**</mark> to reunite. Though Kent was tired from the long flight, he and Li-Ling could hardly stop chatting, planning, and joking around on the drive back to her home. "It'll be great to finally meet your family," he <mark style="color:blue;">**remarked**</mark>, "since we've grown so close these days." Li-Ling just <mark style="color:blue;">**gave him a knowing smile**</mark> and kept driving, leaving Kent to wonder what it meant.
2. When they finally arrived, Kent followed Li-Ling inside, <mark style="color:blue;">**where**</mark> they <mark style="color:blue;">**found**</mark> her family <mark style="color:blue;">**sitting**</mark> on the couch. Kent had video-called them just the week before, but <mark style="color:blue;">**was**</mark> now <mark style="color:blue;">**brimming with**</mark> excitement at meeting them <mark style="color:blue;">**in person**</mark>. "Auntie, Uncle, Li-Xiang, good to see you!" Kent shouted <mark style="color:blue;">**enthusiastically**</mark>. All three nearly jumped out of their skin! "K-Kent?!" Li-Ling's mother <mark style="color:blue;">**stammered out**</mark>. "What are you doing here?" Kent <mark style="color:blue;">**frowned**</mark>, confused at their reaction. He looked at Li-Ling, who <mark style="color:blue;">**broke into giggles**</mark>. "Surprise, everyone! Kent is moving to Taiwan," she <mark style="color:blue;">**announced**</mark>. Kent realized what was happening as Li-Ling's family all <mark style="color:blue;">**exclaimed**</mark> in happy surprise and got up to welcome him. His clever girlfriend had hidden their plans in order to surprise her family! He <mark style="color:blue;">**couldn't help but laugh**</mark> and feel grateful for the warm greeting. It was a <mark style="color:blue;">**promising**</mark> start to his life in a new country.

## 93.

1. <mark style="color:blue;">**With the rise of social media**</mark>, more and more people like to share their opinions about <mark style="color:blue;">**certain**</mark> issues online. There are <mark style="color:blue;">**a variety of**</mark> platforms people can use to make their voice <mark style="color:blue;">**heard**</mark>. However, those platforms allow some people to <mark style="color:blue;">**post provocative remarks**</mark> on the Internet just to <mark style="color:blue;">**irritate**</mark> others and <mark style="color:blue;">**trigger dispute**</mark>. Without <mark style="color:blue;">**concrete**</mark> evidence, those haters just hide behind the screen and <mark style="color:blue;">**spread irresponsible comments**</mark> to attack others, causing the so-called "<mark style="color:blue;">**trolling phenomenon**</mark>". In fact, not only the <mark style="color:blue;">**celebrities fall victim to trolling**</mark>, anyone with social media account can <mark style="color:blue;">**be targeted**</mark> by trolls.
2. <mark style="color:blue;">**Trolling**</mark> is a form of <mark style="color:blue;">**cyber bullying**</mark>. Its impact should not be ignored. <mark style="color:blue;">**Sarcastic comments**</mark> may lead to serious mental health problems such as <mark style="color:blue;">**depression**</mark>, <mark style="color:blue;">**self-harm**</mark>, or even <mark style="color:blue;">**suicide**</mark>. From some suicide cases in the news, it is possible that the <mark style="color:blue;">**offensive**</mark> words online <mark style="color:blue;">**are to blame for**</mark> their death. Moreover, this <mark style="color:blue;">**negative phenomenon stirs up hatred**</mark> and <mark style="color:blue;">**discrimination**</mark> because there are alarmingly increasing number of people who are <mark style="color:blue;">**getting enjoyment out of causing pain and hurt to others**</mark> in this way. What's worse, those <mark style="color:blue;">**aggressive**</mark> comments are mostly about victims' physical appearance. As Internet users, we should never <mark style="color:blue;">**feed**</mark> the trolls <mark style="color:blue;">**with**</mark> angry responses because when we do so, we are giving them the attention they <mark style="color:blue;">**crave for**</mark>.

## 94.

1. <mark style="color:blue;">**To whom it may concern,**</mark>\
   <mark style="color:blue;">**I'm applying for your undergraduate program in biotechnology**</mark>. Please allow me to explain both the reasons <mark style="color:blue;">**for**</mark> my choice field of study and my <mark style="color:blue;">**objectives**</mark>. My interest in this field began <mark style="color:blue;">**with**</mark> my study of biology in senior high school. <mark style="color:blue;">**Thanks to**</mark> patient and <mark style="color:blue;">**enthusiastic**</mark> science teacher, I learned much about animal and plant life. This high school course not only <mark style="color:blue;">**broadened**</mark> my understanding of biology, but it also <mark style="color:blue;">**equipped me with**</mark> the basic skills and techniques of experimentation. My interest in research in the fields of <mark style="color:blue;">**cloning**</mark>, <mark style="color:blue;">**mutation**</mark>, <mark style="color:blue;">**ecology**</mark>, and <mark style="color:blue;">**genetics**</mark> clearly was <mark style="color:blue;">**fostered**</mark> by this biology course.
2. In addition to my formal study of biology in high school, I <mark style="color:blue;">**have been involved in**</mark> a variety of <mark style="color:blue;">**pertinent extracurricular activities**</mark>. I am currently the <mark style="color:blue;">**president**</mark> of the Biology Research Club. During the <mark style="color:blue;">**tenure**</mark>, I have <mark style="color:blue;">**devoted a great deal of time and energy to organizing on and off campus activities**</mark> of interest to students, such as a series of lectures <mark style="color:blue;">**on**</mark> biotechnology and biology summer camps. <mark style="color:blue;">**Thanks to**</mark> such projects <mark style="color:blue;">**realized**</mark> under my leadership, the Biology Research Club is the best student club in my high school. Another example of my <mark style="color:blue;">**active**</mark> interest in biology is my participation in the international Biology Contest this April. I intend to <mark style="color:blue;">**shine**</mark> at this important event, so I am preparing myself by studying very hard.
3. As you can see, my high school <mark style="color:blue;">**academic**</mark> experience has prepared me well for <mark style="color:blue;">**undergraduate**</mark> studies in biology at your university. As American universities are well known for providing excellent scientific training with a <mark style="color:blue;">**dynamic**</mark> mixture of theory, practice, and research, studying biology in your country is a <mark style="color:blue;">**logical**</mark> decision for me. After completing my degree in the United States, I hope to return to my own country to serve society and use my scientific knowledge to improve lives.\
   &#x20;                                                                                                                                  <mark style="color:blue;">**Sincerely yours,**</mark>\
   &#x20;                                                                                                                                                 <mark style="color:blue;">**George**</mark>

## **95.**

1. The establishment of pet-friendly restaurants is certainly good news to dog and cat lovers. They don't have to worry about <mark style="color:blue;">**being rejected**</mark> from restaurants or <mark style="color:blue;">**irritating**</mark> other customers for taking their pets along with them. In a pet-friendly restaurant, like the one in the picture, pet owners can enjoy a good meal <mark style="color:blue;">**at ease**</mark> with their <mark style="color:blue;">**canine**</mark> or <mark style="color:blue;">**feline**</mark> friends <mark style="color:blue;">**aside**</mark>. The pets can freely <mark style="color:blue;">**roam**</mark> the restaurant <mark style="color:blue;">**unleashed**</mark> or rest <mark style="color:blue;">**cozily**</mark> at their owners' feet or on the chairs beside them. If the pet feels <mark style="color:blue;">**restless**</mark> in a new environment, the owner may let it sit <mark style="color:blue;">**on**</mark> his/ her <mark style="color:blue;">**lap**</mark> to <mark style="color:blue;">**soothe**</mark> it and, meanwhile, <mark style="color:blue;">**savor**</mark> the dishes. And for the owners who love to check in on <mark style="color:blue;">**social networks**</mark>, they can <mark style="color:blue;">**tag**</mark> their pets and share their photos taken in the restaurant. <mark style="color:blue;">**All in all**</mark>, the pet-friendly <mark style="color:blue;">**ambiance**</mark> makes the restaurants perfect places for both pet owners and their <mark style="color:blue;">**furry**</mark> friends to dine out and connect <mark style="color:blue;">**socially**</mark>.
2. Being the manager of a pet-friendly restaurant, I believe this is a <mark style="color:blue;">**lucrative**</mark> business <mark style="color:blue;">**venture**</mark>. <mark style="color:blue;">**For one thing**</mark>, there is a <mark style="color:blue;">**growing population**</mark> of pet owners nowadays, which <mark style="color:blue;">**translates into**</mark> an increasing market size. Many of these people are <mark style="color:blue;">**actively**</mark> seeking places <mark style="color:blue;">**where**</mark> they can bring their pets inside and <mark style="color:blue;">**socialize with**</mark> other pet lovers. Besides, a pet-friendly place also <mark style="color:blue;">**appeals to**</mark> people who might not have a dog or cat of their own but still enjoy some <mark style="color:blue;">**fluffy company**</mark>.
3. <mark style="color:blue;">**For another**</mark>, the restaurant can easily add pet-<mark style="color:blue;">**specific**</mark> items to the menu to bring in extra cash since pet owners <mark style="color:blue;">**are**</mark> more <mark style="color:blue;">**willing to make purchases**</mark> if their pets are with them. <mark style="color:blue;">**To sum up**</mark>, being pet-friendly <mark style="color:blue;">**sets**</mark> the restaurant <mark style="color:blue;">**apart from**</mark> the others that <mark style="color:blue;">**keep pets at bay**</mark>. This <mark style="color:blue;">**exclusiveness enables**</mark> the restaurant <mark style="color:blue;">**to promote brand loyalty**</mark> and <mark style="color:blue;">**visibility**</mark> in the owners' <mark style="color:blue;">**social circles**</mark>. And growth in <mark style="color:blue;">**revenue**</mark> is sure to follow.

## 96.

1. Last Sunday morning, as I was on my way home from the park <mark style="color:blue;">**where**</mark> I had just gone jogging, I saw a house <mark style="color:blue;">**on fire**</mark>. The fire was <mark style="color:blue;">**fierce**</mark> and the whole building was <mark style="color:blue;">**obscured**</mark> by <mark style="color:blue;">**thick gray smoke**</mark>. Firefighters were already <mark style="color:blue;">**on site**</mark>. Some went in to search for victims while others prepared to <mark style="color:blue;">**fight the blaze**</mark>. A few minutes later, a firefighter came out from the burning building <mark style="color:blue;">**carrying**</mark> a little boy. Firefighters then started to <mark style="color:blue;">**spray the flames**</mark> with water <mark style="color:blue;">**in an attempt to contain**</mark> the fire.
2. <mark style="color:blue;">**Later that day**</mark>, news reports stated that the fire had been caused by the child's father. He had forgotten to <mark style="color:blue;">**turn off the gas stove**</mark> before going out to <mark style="color:blue;">**buy some groceries**</mark>. <mark style="color:blue;">**Thanks to**</mark> the firefighters' efforts, <mark style="color:blue;">**the fire was brought under control in about 15 minutes**</mark>. And although a large part of the kitchen was damaged, the little boy had luckily been saved just <mark style="color:blue;">**in time**</mark>. According to a <mark style="color:blue;">**paramedic**</mark>, the child did not <mark style="color:blue;">**sustain**</mark> any serious injuries, and had only <mark style="color:blue;">**suffered some mild smoke inhalation**</mark>.

## 97.

1. It all happened when I was a freshman in high school. I was walking home on a Friday when I saw my new classmate, Kyle. He wore glasses and was carrying a huge <mark style="color:blue;">**pile**</mark> of books. Immediately, I thought he must be a <mark style="color:blue;">**nerd**</mark>, because no one with a good social life would take so many books home for the weekend. I kept on walking. Suddenly, a group of boys ran toward him and <mark style="color:blue;">**knocked**</mark> the books <mark style="color:blue;">**out of**</mark> his hands. They pushed him to the ground. His glasses <mark style="color:blue;">**flew off**</mark>, <mark style="color:blue;">**landing**</mark> three meters away. The boys <mark style="color:blue;">**ran off**</mark> as Kyle <mark style="color:blue;">**struggled**</mark> to find his glasses. He had such a sad expression on his face that <mark style="color:blue;">**my heart went out to him**</mark>. I picked his glasses, helped him <mark style="color:blue;">**collect**</mark> the books, and asked if he was all right.
2. After stepping up to the <mark style="color:blue;">**podium**</mark>, Kyle <mark style="color:blue;">**cleared**</mark> his throat and began his speech. "Graduation is a good time to thanks those who have helped you <mark style="color:blue;">**make it through the tough years**</mark> - your parents, your teachers, maybe your coach, but mostly, your friends. I am here to tell all of you that <mark style="color:blue;">**being a friend**</mark> is the best gift you can give." I just look at Kyle <mark style="color:blue;">**in disbelief**</mark> as he told the story of the first day we talked. I heard a <mark style="color:blue;">**gasp**</mark> going through the crowds as this handsome, popular young man told us all about his weakest moment.

## 98.

1. <mark style="color:blue;">**Without a doubt**</mark>, night markets play an important role in many people's lives. <mark style="color:blue;">**As far as I am concerned**</mark>, night markets are the best places to try local foods, such as <mark style="color:blue;">**stinky tofu**</mark>, <mark style="color:blue;">**oyster omelet**</mark>, <mark style="color:blue;">**pig blood cake**</mark> and so on. Such delicious food <mark style="color:blue;">**never fails to**</mark> impress night market visitors. <mark style="color:blue;">**Apart from**</mark> yummy snacks, games are also <mark style="color:blue;">**indispensable**</mark> in night markets. Every time I go to a night market, I like to play games, such as pinball, <mark style="color:blue;">**goldfish scoop**</mark>, <mark style="color:blue;">**ring toss**</mark>, and <mark style="color:blue;">**balloon darts**</mark>. Sometimes I even win some prize back home! In all, night markets are important places to me; I can <mark style="color:blue;">**indulge in local delicacies**</mark> as well as <mark style="color:blue;">**derive much fun from**</mark> games.
2. <mark style="color:blue;">**As for the proposal**</mark> of opening a new night market nearby, <mark style="color:blue;">**I'm definitely opposed to it**</mark>. Even though a visit to a night market is fun, having a night market nearby does cause many problems. <mark style="color:blue;">**To begin with**</mark>, night markets will attract a huge number of people, <mark style="color:blue;">**resulting in**</mark> serious traffic jams or even road accidents. It will <mark style="color:blue;">**prolong**</mark> the waiting time for residents nearby to arrive home. Secondly, night markets are also a big <mark style="color:blue;">**contributor to**</mark> air and noise pollution. <mark style="color:blue;">**Fumes from food stalls**</mark> will be <mark style="color:blue;">**released**</mark> into the air, polluting and <mark style="color:blue;">**greasing**</mark> the air in the neighborhood. <mark style="color:blue;">**In the meanwhile**</mark>, <mark style="color:blue;">**car honks**</mark> and visitors' laughs are big sources of noise, keeping many from falling asleep at night. For the <mark style="color:blue;">**above-mentioned**</mark> two reasons, even though I enjoy visiting a night market, I still strongly <mark style="color:blue;">**object to opening**</mark> a new night market near my house.

## 99.

1. With the rising awareness of air pollution, <mark style="color:blue;">**urban greening**</mark>, particularly the <mark style="color:blue;">**establishment**</mark> of parks, has been at the top of the <mark style="color:blue;">**agenda**</mark> in many countries in recent years. This not only <mark style="color:blue;">**adds color to**</mark> the <mark style="color:blue;">**city landscape**</mark> but also <mark style="color:blue;">**boosts the well-being of citizens**</mark>. The following are photos <mark style="color:blue;">**concerning**</mark> two types of parks with <mark style="color:blue;">**distinctive features**</mark>. One <mark style="color:blue;">**is equipped with recreational facilities**</mark> for children, including <mark style="color:blue;">**slides**</mark>, <mark style="color:blue;">**chin-up bars**</mark>, and a <mark style="color:blue;">**jungle gym**</mark>, <mark style="color:blue;">**allowing**</mark> them to play safely and freely. Parents can spend <mark style="color:blue;">**quality time**</mark> with their kids on weekends in the park, which also promote <mark style="color:blue;">**social cohesion**</mark> among local communities.
2. The other <mark style="color:blue;">**is characterized by**</mark> trees, <mark style="color:blue;">**shrubs**</mark>, and plants. The walkways are covered with <mark style="color:blue;">**flickering shades**</mark>. The benches <mark style="color:blue;">**are scattered**</mark> around the park, <mark style="color:blue;">**making it friendly for senior citizens to**</mark> take a much-<mark style="color:blue;">**deserved breather once in a while**</mark>. <mark style="color:blue;">**Taking a stroll in a venue like this**</mark> is no doubt "a walk in the park."
3. <mark style="color:blue;">**From my perspective**</mark>, my ideal park would provide <mark style="color:blue;">**city dwellers with**</mark> a <mark style="color:blue;">**temporary**</mark> escape from the <mark style="color:blue;">**hustle and bustle**</mark> of city life. <mark style="color:blue;">**Under the enormous pressure of modern society**</mark>, people leading a <mark style="color:blue;">**fast-paced**</mark> life can take advantage of this <mark style="color:blue;">**oasis**</mark> in the <mark style="color:blue;">**concrete jungle**</mark> to <mark style="color:blue;">**unwind**</mark> and <mark style="color:blue;">**recharge their batteries**</mark>. In addition, the park would be a safe place <mark style="color:blue;">**where**</mark> children can hang out and students can <mark style="color:blue;">**explore the wonders of nature**</mark>. For example, the park would provide an ideal setting for interaction between different families, thereby <mark style="color:blue;">**reinforcing a sense of community**</mark>. It would also <mark style="color:blue;">**boast**</mark> a <mark style="color:blue;">**botanical garden**</mark> filled with a wide <mark style="color:blue;">**assortment**</mark> of plants, where teachers can introduce <mark style="color:blue;">**exotic greenery**</mark> to students on their <mark style="color:blue;">**field trips**</mark>.
4. <mark style="color:blue;">**Last but not least**</mark>, the park would provide them with fascinating first-hand experiences, as well as an all-accessible place for <mark style="color:blue;">**the elderly and physically-challenged**</mark> to maintain their <mark style="color:blue;">**physical fitness**</mark>. The park would <mark style="color:blue;">**be free of obstacles**</mark>. It would encourage and inspire visitors of all ages, senior citizens in particular, to interact with one another. <mark style="color:blue;">**Most important of all**</mark>, surrounded by <mark style="color:blue;">**verdant**</mark> trees, the park would perform the function of purifying the air and reducing <mark style="color:blue;">**greenhouse gas emissions**</mark>. This is especially <mark style="color:blue;">**vital**</mark> at a time when the global warming is <mark style="color:blue;">**wreaking havoc**</mark> all over the world.

## 100.

1. I had to deal with a terrible situation one morning while making breakfast. I put some breads in the <mark style="color:blue;">**toaster**</mark>, but I was too busy to stay in the kitchen, so I started packing my school bag in the next room. <mark style="color:blue;">**All of a sudden**</mark>, I could smell smoke. I thought I had just burned my toast, but <mark style="color:blue;">**to my shock**</mark>, the whole <mark style="color:blue;">**toaster was on fire**</mark>! <mark style="color:blue;">**If I had stayed in the kitchen, I would have been able to tell the toaster was broken and unplug it before it caught fire**</mark>. However, because I wasn't looking, I had a real emergency to deal with. I regretted <mark style="color:blue;">**leaving**</mark> the kitchen.
2. <mark style="color:blue;">**At the sight of the flames**</mark>, I realized I had to turn off the electricity at once. <mark style="color:blue;">**Pouring water on the electrical appliance would result in a much larger fire**</mark> and I might <mark style="color:blue;">**get an electric shock**</mark>. But I couldn't <mark style="color:blue;">**reach**</mark> the plug <mark style="color:blue;">**through**</mark> the flames! Instead of risking a burn, I ran to the <mark style="color:blue;">**circuit box**</mark> and turned off the power <mark style="color:blue;">**to**</mark> the kitchen. <mark style="color:blue;">**Now that**</mark> it was safe, I grabbed a water bottle out of my bag and poured water on the toaster. I learned that whenever I am cooking something in the kitchen, I must always stay <mark style="color:blue;">**within sight of it**</mark>.
