---
description: 想要寫出好的作文，就要多閱讀別人寫的文章，並從中選取適當的字詞與描述手法運用到自己的文章，藉此來增添文章的豐富度。
---

# 作文百句 101\~148

## 101.

1. <mark style="color:blue;">**We are presented with a pie chart regarding the causes of stress**</mark> among 12th graders at Greenwood High School. The chart <mark style="color:blue;">**comprises six segments**</mark>, <mark style="color:blue;">**each of which**</mark> is a common source of stress for high school students. <mark style="color:blue;">**Nearly**</mark> half of all students cited <mark style="color:blue;">**academic performance**</mark> as something that worried them, making it <mark style="color:blue;">**the most common stressor by far**</mark>.
2. In fact, this percentage is <mark style="color:blue;">**over three times the number of students**</mark> who reported <mark style="color:blue;">**being insecure about their physical appearance**</mark> (16%). <mark style="color:blue;">**A quarter of**</mark> students are stressed by their relationships, whether <mark style="color:blue;">**with**</mark> their parents (10%) or <mark style="color:blue;">**with romantic interests**</mark> (15%). Finally, <mark style="color:blue;">**only 8% of students reported anxieties about the future as their primary stressor**</mark>, <mark style="color:blue;">**followed by the 2% of students**</mark> who reported other sources of stress as their most <mark style="color:blue;">**pressing concerns**</mark>.
3. When looking at this chart, <mark style="color:blue;">**I find myself in the minority**</mark>. <mark style="color:blue;">**In contrast to**</mark> the 49% of 12th graders at Greenwood who worry about high school <mark style="color:blue;">**academics**</mark>, <mark style="color:blue;">**I'm kept up at night**</mark> by thoughts related to my future. Where will I go to university? What should I study? Should I even <mark style="color:blue;">**attend**</mark> a university? What is it that I want to <mark style="color:blue;">**accomplish**</mark>? It's enough to make anyone's head <mark style="color:blue;">**spin**</mark> - but I have a <mark style="color:blue;">**trick**</mark> for dealing with it. I <mark style="color:blue;">**knit**</mark> when I get worried or stressed, and <mark style="color:blue;">**not only does it calm me down**</mark>, but it <mark style="color:blue;">**leaves**</mark> me <mark style="color:blue;">**with**</mark> a scarf, a pair of socks, or a hat by the end. It doesn't solve my problems, but it <mark style="color:blue;">**puts me in the right frame of mind**</mark> to <mark style="color:blue;">**approach**</mark> them from a different <mark style="color:blue;">**perspective**</mark>.

## 102.

1. A survey was <mark style="color:blue;">**conducted**</mark> to show young people's <mark style="color:blue;">**preference for**</mark> holidays in Taiwan. <mark style="color:blue;">**As can be seen from the chart**</mark>, 25% of the <mark style="color:blue;">**respondents ranked**</mark> the Lunar New Year <mark style="color:blue;">**as their top pick**</mark> when <mark style="color:blue;">**asked**</mark> what holiday they most <mark style="color:blue;">**look forward to**</mark>. <mark style="color:blue;">**In the second spot**</mark> was Mother's Day, chosen by 20%. The Mid-Autumn Festival <mark style="color:blue;">**came in as the third**</mark> favorite holiday, <mark style="color:blue;">**tied with**</mark> New Year's Eve at 14%. Less popular holidays included the Dragon Boat Festival (8%) and Father's Day (6%), <mark style="color:blue;">**with**</mark> 13% of people <mark style="color:blue;">**naming**</mark> other holidays as their favorite.
2. The Mid-Autumn Festival, a time for family gatherings, is my favorite holiday. For people in Taiwan, <mark style="color:blue;">**no**</mark> Mid-Autumn Festival <mark style="color:blue;">**would be complete without**</mark> mooncakes or barbecues. When the holiday <mark style="color:blue;">**draws near**</mark>, we can find <mark style="color:blue;">**bakeries advertising**</mark> mooncakes <mark style="color:blue;">**of all kinds**</mark> and supermarkets <mark style="color:blue;">**displaying grill kits**</mark> close to the entrance. A <mark style="color:blue;">**festive atmosphere**</mark> fills the air, making people who work far away from their homes <mark style="color:blue;">**eager for**</mark> a family reunion. Therefore, the best part of the holiday for me is to chat <mark style="color:blue;">**over**</mark> barbecue with people I <mark style="color:blue;">**hold dear**</mark>. Besides <mark style="color:blue;">**yolk pastries**</mark>, <mark style="color:blue;">**pomelos**</mark> are also a holiday <mark style="color:blue;">**essential**</mark> that we never <mark style="color:blue;">**leave out**</mark>. My family and I always enjoy making <mark style="color:blue;">**pomelo hats**</mark>. All of these activities bring everyone together and make the Mid-Autumn Festival special to me.

## 103.

1. Jane was walking to the store yesterday when she <mark style="color:blue;">**came across**</mark> a surprising sight. While on her way, she found a man <mark style="color:blue;">**defacing**</mark> the side of a building with <mark style="color:blue;">**graffiti**</mark>. This was shocking to Jane, as her town was always clean and tidy, and the people were always <mark style="color:blue;">**well-behaved**</mark>. She decided to try to <mark style="color:blue;">**dissuade**</mark> the man <mark style="color:blue;">**from vandalizing**</mark> the building. The man heard Jane yelling <mark style="color:blue;">**at**</mark> him, "Hey! You shouldn't be doing that!" He stopped <mark style="color:blue;">**spraying paint**</mark> on the wall and looked confused. It <mark style="color:blue;">**turned out**</mark> that the man was <mark style="color:blue;">**anything but**</mark> a <mark style="color:blue;">**vandal**</mark>, though he knew how his behavior <mark style="color:blue;">**might have looked**</mark> to Jane.
2. "Oh, this is a part of a <mark style="color:blue;">**charity**</mark> art project," he explained. "My name is Adam. I have the store's <mark style="color:blue;">**permission**</mark>." Adam was a member of an arts group <mark style="color:blue;">**devoted to raising money**</mark> for homeless people. Artists around the town created works on buildings in different <mark style="color:blue;">**neighborhoods**</mark>. Screen-prints were made and sold, <mark style="color:blue;">**with the profits going to a homeless shelter**</mark>. The artists used removable paint, and their work would be washed off after the event. Jane was a bit embarrassed, but she appreciated the explanation and the effort the group <mark style="color:blue;">**put into**</mark> helping <mark style="color:blue;">**the needy**</mark> in town.

## 104.

1. Why are people flocking to see movies, new and old, about fear, <mark style="color:blue;">**chaos**</mark>, and violence, when the world is now in the <mark style="color:blue;">**seemingly inescapable clutches**</mark> of the COVID-19 <mark style="color:blue;">**pandemic**</mark>? To begin with, when we watch scary movies, our bodies react in <mark style="color:blue;">**remarkably**</mark> similar ways to when they <mark style="color:blue;">**are subjected to**</mark> real-life situations of danger or distress. Since the brain can't <mark style="color:blue;">**distinguish**</mark> stories <mark style="color:blue;">**from**</mark> reality, it falls back on the <mark style="color:blue;">**framework**</mark> that has <mark style="color:blue;">**evolved**</mark> to protect it: the <mark style="color:blue;">**fight-or-flight**</mark> response. Terrifying images like a <mark style="color:blue;">**villain plunging a knife into**</mark> the movie's hero fill our bodies with <mark style="color:blue;">**adrenaline**</mark>, a chemical that increases the heart rate and gives us a thrill <mark style="color:blue;">**in**</mark> a perfectly safe way.
2. Furthermore, when we watch horror movies, we often <mark style="color:blue;">**identify with**</mark> some of the horrible actions or emotions <mark style="color:blue;">**affecting**</mark> the characters. While we have never followed through on them, the <mark style="color:blue;">**mental exercise**</mark> of facing these exaggerations of familiar feelings and considering different <mark style="color:blue;">**outcomes**</mark> guards against <mark style="color:blue;">**being overwhelmed**</mark> by those feelings in real life. <mark style="color:blue;">**Similar to**</mark> other horror films, apocalyptic movies give you a shiver as you <mark style="color:blue;">**recognize reality**</mark> in the events shown in the movie. Real life forces you to <mark style="color:blue;">**stew**</mark> on the state of the world and wonder when or if things will ever change. In a movie you are guaranteed to see people taking action, and their action helps you <mark style="color:blue;">**release**</mark> your emotions <mark style="color:blue;">**in**</mark> a satisfying way. If there is great <mark style="color:blue;">**suffering**</mark> and <mark style="color:blue;">**loss**</mark> in the movie, it might let you <mark style="color:blue;">**reckon with**</mark> similar feelings you've been having. On the other hand, seeing a <mark style="color:blue;">**version**</mark> of events <mark style="color:blue;">**where**</mark> people <mark style="color:blue;">**band together**</mark> or <mark style="color:blue;">**competent**</mark> governments make smart decisions can provide a sense of hope.

## 105.

1. Sometimes we don't understand a person's advice until they are gone. That's exactly what happened to me when I was 15 years old. At that <mark style="color:blue;">**tender**</mark> age, I often heard my grandfather saying, "Time is life!" Without trying to <mark style="color:blue;">**figure out**</mark> his message, however, I <mark style="color:blue;">**idled away**</mark> my valuable time. Spending <mark style="color:blue;">**hours upon hours**</mark> daydreaming about what I wanted to achieve, <mark style="color:blue;">**leaving everything to the last minute**</mark>, <mark style="color:blue;">**making pathetic excuses for what I failed to do**</mark>, and ignoring <mark style="color:blue;">**priorities in favor of**</mark> watching TV and playing video games - all these made my life a <mark style="color:blue;">**plight**</mark> of <mark style="color:blue;">**unfulfilled**</mark> potential and <mark style="color:blue;">**missed**</mark> opportunities. Still, "Time is life!" my grandfather repeated as I continued to ignore his words. And then, without warning, he <mark style="color:blue;">**passed away**</mark>. It was only upon the news of his passing <mark style="color:blue;">**that**</mark> I realized what he was trying to tell me - time is the most precious gift that <mark style="color:blue;">**we are blessed with**</mark>, for without it, we have no life.
2. The next day, I bought a calendar and wrote several lists with <mark style="color:blue;">**set priorities**</mark> and an appropriate amount of time <mark style="color:blue;">**allocated**</mark> for each job. I then planned my morning and afternoon routines. The transformation was <mark style="color:blue;">**remarkable**</mark>. I was completing all my homework <mark style="color:blue;">**ahead of time**</mark>, and my <mark style="color:blue;">**domestic chores**</mark> were no longer <mark style="color:blue;">**dark clouds hanging over my head**</mark>. I then began to make lists of long-term goals and plans as to how to achieve them. I spent twenty minutes a day learning French, <mark style="color:blue;">**another**</mark> twenty minutes a day practicing the guitar, and <mark style="color:blue;">**another**</mark> twenty minutes a day working out. Two years later, I could speak French and play the guitar, and had become <mark style="color:blue;">**fit**</mark> and strong. My grandfather was right - time is life!

## 106.

1. After a week of rain, the sun finally came out. Happy to see the sunshine, Brian decided to play basketball with his friends in the school. He read his favorite comic books while listening to pop music as he walked to school. He thought this could save his time and, <mark style="color:blue;">**most importantly**</mark>, wearing the <mark style="color:blue;">**stylish headphones**</mark> made him look cool. Unfortunately, he was too <mark style="color:blue;">**engrossed in**</mark> his reading to notice someone was walking toward him. Then, he <mark style="color:blue;">**bumped into**</mark> a <mark style="color:blue;">**fierce-looking**</mark> man. He thought the guy was going to <mark style="color:blue;">**beat him up**</mark>.
2. <mark style="color:blue;">**Not knowing**</mark> what to do, Brian cried out and <mark style="color:blue;">**knelt down**</mark>, <mark style="color:blue;">**begging for mercy**</mark> from the strong and <mark style="color:blue;">**tough**</mark> man. However, the man just <mark style="color:blue;">**remained**</mark> silent and made some <mark style="color:blue;">**gestures**</mark> that Brian didn't understand. Seeing two young men coming toward him, he was <mark style="color:blue;">**scared to death**</mark>, thinking these three men might <mark style="color:blue;">**bully**</mark> him. Brian cried out for help and was ready to run away. The two men <mark style="color:blue;">**seized him by the arm**</mark> with a <mark style="color:blue;">**confused**</mark> look, saying, "Why are you crying for help? My friend is <mark style="color:blue;">**aurally and verbally impaired**</mark>. He just wanted to know where you bought your cool <mark style="color:blue;">**headphones**</mark>." <mark style="color:blue;">**Speechless with embarrassment**</mark>, Brian would never ever forget what happened that day.

## 107.

1. The ability to become <mark style="color:blue;">**anonymous**</mark> is a <mark style="color:blue;">**vital**</mark> part of what the Internet offers. <mark style="color:blue;">**While**</mark> this issue is certainly problematic, my <mark style="color:blue;">**overall**</mark> opinion is that <mark style="color:blue;">**online anonymity is beneficial**</mark>. One of the key reasons for this is the <mark style="color:blue;">**concept**</mark> of free speech. The <mark style="color:blue;">**anonymity**</mark> offered by the Internet allows people to share their <mark style="color:blue;">**beliefs**</mark> without fear of <mark style="color:blue;">**consequences**</mark> in the real world. Anyone living in a repressive country or community understands the <mark style="color:blue;">**significance**</mark> of this. It allows them to <mark style="color:blue;">**be critical of**</mark> their leaders and not get arrested, or discuss <mark style="color:blue;">**taboo topics**</mark> in safety. Imagine people from a deeply <mark style="color:blue;">**conservative**</mark> religious community discussing LGBTQ+ (<mark style="color:blue;">**Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, Queer (Questioning)**</mark>) issues, for example.
2. In addition to all of this, <mark style="color:blue;">**online anonymity**</mark> allows <mark style="color:blue;">**whistleblowers**</mark> to <mark style="color:blue;">**expose**</mark> law-breaking companies or organizations <mark style="color:blue;">**without being targeted**</mark> by them. <mark style="color:blue;">**Admittedly**</mark>, <mark style="color:blue;">**there are disadvantages to online anonymity as well**</mark>. It can cause <mark style="color:blue;">**distrust**</mark> because we don't know who's <mark style="color:blue;">**posting**</mark> something and what their <mark style="color:blue;">**motivations**</mark> are. To take an example from above, a <mark style="color:blue;">**whistleblower**</mark> might not be a person <mark style="color:blue;">**exposing real wrongdoing**</mark>, but someone <mark style="color:blue;">**with a grudge against**</mark> their boss. <mark style="color:blue;">**Online anonymity**</mark> means that we can never truly <mark style="color:blue;">**take**</mark> anything we read online <mark style="color:blue;">**at face value**</mark>. Furthermore, there is the issue of <mark style="color:blue;">**cyberbullying**</mark> and online abuse. However, I believe <mark style="color:blue;">**this is a problem with people**</mark>. <mark style="color:blue;">**Online anonymity**</mark> is simply a tool, and people can use it or <mark style="color:blue;">**abuse**</mark> it as they see <mark style="color:blue;">**fit**</mark>; I, nonetheless, <mark style="color:blue;">**am of the opinion**</mark> that <mark style="color:blue;">**its advantages outweigh its disadvantages**</mark>.

## 108.

1. It <mark style="color:blue;">**saddens**</mark> me to hear of people <mark style="color:blue;">**littering**</mark> and making a <mark style="color:blue;">**scenic area**</mark>, such as Ivy Mountain, look <mark style="color:blue;">**unsightly**</mark>. Unfortunately, many hikers forget their <mark style="color:blue;">**obligation**</mark> to be responsible citizens while having fun. What's more, much of this litter is made of plastic, which <mark style="color:blue;">**takes**</mark> a long time to <mark style="color:blue;">**decompose**</mark>. That means it is quite possible that the garbage may be eaten by animals, causing them serious injury or even death. Some have <mark style="color:blue;">**advocated**</mark> that the number of visitors <mark style="color:blue;">**to**</mark> areas like Ivy Mountain <mark style="color:blue;">**should be limited**</mark>. <mark style="color:blue;">**Those in favor of such a measure**</mark> say these actions will <mark style="color:blue;">**reduce the negative impact**</mark> brought on by large crowds.
2. While this may be true, it is a rather <mark style="color:blue;">**drastic**</mark> measure that I do not support. To me, these limitations cause people trouble and reduce their recreational opportunities. <mark style="color:blue;">**Instead**</mark>, more signs reminding people to take away their garbage, <mark style="color:blue;">**along with**</mark> warnings of the <mark style="color:blue;">**penalties**</mark> if they are caught littering, should <mark style="color:blue;">**be put up**</mark>. In addition, more staff, with the power to hand out fines to people who litter, could be hired to <mark style="color:blue;">**patrol**</mark> the areas. To me, these are better <mark style="color:blue;">**alternatives**</mark> and less of a <mark style="color:blue;">**constraint**</mark> <mark style="color:blue;">**on**</mark> people's freedoms.

## 109.

1. Exhausted after a long day at work, Erin was looking forward to <mark style="color:blue;">**relaxing**</mark> with a magazine she had picked up on the way home. But <mark style="color:blue;">**no sooner had she sat down than she heard a loud banging sound coming from next door**</mark>. Then she heard what sounded like the screams of a terrified little girl. Bang! The screaming got louder. Bang! Erin felt her <mark style="color:blue;">**blood boil**</mark>. <mark style="color:blue;">**She was no idiot**</mark>. The man next door must be beating that poor girl, she thought to herself. I have to do something. Wasting no time, she picked up her phone and called the police.
2. When they answered, she <mark style="color:blue;">**could hardly contain the flow of words**</mark>: "Neighbor...awful noises...screaming...sounded terrified...come quickly." The police immediately <mark style="color:blue;">**dispatched a unit**</mark>, and Erin tried to calm herself. She waited for <mark style="color:blue;">**what seemed like an eternity**</mark>, and then she heard a knocking <mark style="color:blue;">**on**</mark> the neighbor's door. <mark style="color:blue;">**Keen to see justice done**</mark>, she <mark style="color:blue;">**peered**</mark> out of her doorway. But what she saw was not at all the sight she <mark style="color:blue;">**had expected**</mark>. In the living room was a man chasing a large spider and bringing a broom down upon it with such force that the furniture shook. And standing on the couch was a terrified girl <mark style="color:blue;">**with her eyes fixed on**</mark> the horrible insect, <mark style="color:blue;">**screaming at the top of her lungs**</mark>.

## 110.

1. <mark style="color:blue;">**Taken**</mark> together, these images <mark style="color:blue;">**depict**</mark> a common problem here in Taiwan: <mark style="color:blue;">**despite frequent water shortages**</mark>, people still waste water. Although we have the highest rate of <mark style="color:blue;">**rainfall**</mark> out of any developed country, Taiwan still experiences <mark style="color:blue;">**water shortages**</mark>. That's <mark style="color:blue;">**partly**</mark> because our <mark style="color:blue;">**reservoirs**</mark> are capable of holding only six weeks' <mark style="color:blue;">**worth**</mark> of water. In Taiwan, therefore, water is a precious resource. But the unfortunate fact is that <mark style="color:blue;">**we don't treat it as such**</mark>. Because water is so cheap here, people don't view it as a valuable <mark style="color:blue;">**commodity**</mark>. That <mark style="color:blue;">**mindset**</mark> leads to waste.
2. To ensure that the water in Taiwan's <mark style="color:blue;">**reservoirs**</mark> lasts, we need to <mark style="color:blue;">**be more aware of**</mark> how much water we use <mark style="color:blue;">**on a daily basis**</mark>. That might <mark style="color:blue;">**involve**</mark> making some simple <mark style="color:blue;">**adjustments**</mark> to our water-usage habits. For example, instead of <mark style="color:blue;">**leaving the tap running**</mark> while we brush our teeth, we could <mark style="color:blue;">**switch it off**</mark>. Another water-saving habit is limiting our showers <mark style="color:blue;">**to**</mark> five minutes. Taking longer showers may be <mark style="color:blue;">**tempting**</mark>, but it's unnecessary. There are almost 24 million people in Taiwan, so if we all <mark style="color:blue;">**make small changes to**</mark> our water-usage habits, we can <mark style="color:blue;">**make a big difference to**</mark> Taiwan's supply.

## 111.

1. I treasure my weekends. <mark style="color:blue;">**Not only do I have a bit of relief from my studies**</mark>, <mark style="color:blue;">**but I also have free rein to explore my personal style**</mark>. During the week, I <mark style="color:blue;">**have no choice but to wear**</mark> my school uniform. On the weekend, though, I can wear what I like! In addition to my look, I often find myself considering the <mark style="color:blue;">**ethics**</mark> of my fashion choices. Fast fashion offers me nearly <mark style="color:blue;">**infinite**</mark> choice. At NET, H\&M, and my local street markets, prices range from <mark style="color:blue;">**reasonably affordable**</mark> to <mark style="color:blue;">**downright**</mark> cheap. I could <mark style="color:blue;">**conceivably build an entire wardrobe**</mark> with a wide variety of items <mark style="color:blue;">**for**</mark> only NT$2,000 or so. However, cheap clothes are cheap because they're made by <mark style="color:blue;">**exploited**</mark> workers, many of <mark style="color:blue;">**whom**</mark> are children. Furthermore, the material that goes into making them is <mark style="color:blue;">**of**</mark> poor quality.
2. <mark style="color:blue;">**Contrast**</mark> this <mark style="color:blue;">**with**</mark> more responsibly produced fashion. A pair of trousers might <mark style="color:blue;">**last**</mark> you decades, as the <mark style="color:blue;">**fabric**</mark> is chosen with care and the workers are able to put more time and skill into their construction. <mark style="color:blue;">**High-quality garments**</mark> are also easier <mark style="color:blue;">**to mend**</mark>, allowing you to reduce waste by <mark style="color:blue;">**declining to throw away a torn shirt in favor of**</mark> repairing it. The cost of better quality and more <mark style="color:blue;">**ethical**</mark> labor is reflected in the high prices of these kinds of clothes. In my view, though, <mark style="color:blue;">**the cost is worth it**</mark>. I'd rather buy long-<mark style="color:blue;">**lasting**</mark> clothes that I can be proud of. I can combine my few items of clothing creatively to get the stylish <mark style="color:blue;">**wardrobe**</mark> I want.

## 112.

1. The most <mark style="color:blue;">**noticeable**</mark> change I have <mark style="color:blue;">**made**</mark> since entering high school is that I'm much more <mark style="color:blue;">**eager to**</mark> learn things. I was a <mark style="color:blue;">**procrastinator**</mark> in junior high, and rarely <mark style="color:blue;">**submitted**</mark> assignments on time. What's worse, I often tried to avoid doing them by <mark style="color:blue;">**making excuses**</mark>. Now, I'm an <mark style="color:blue;">**active**</mark> learner, eagerly participating in discussions and trying to express my point of view <mark style="color:blue;">**whenever possible**</mark>. Moreover, I ask questions instead of remaining silent when I <mark style="color:blue;">**come across**</mark> problems. I feel like I'm a more responsible student, and <mark style="color:blue;">**that**</mark> I'm becoming more confident each day.
2. <mark style="color:blue;">**Apart from being enthusiastic about learning**</mark>, another goal for me to <mark style="color:blue;">**reach**</mark> after high school is to become an <mark style="color:blue;">**amicable**</mark> person that people <mark style="color:blue;">**like to be around**</mark>. To <mark style="color:blue;">**achieve**</mark> this goal, I need to take a few steps. <mark style="color:blue;">**First and foremost**</mark>, I need to pay close attention to the feelings of the people around me. That way, I can cheer them up when they are <mark style="color:blue;">**discouraged**</mark> or <mark style="color:blue;">**reach out to them**</mark> when they need help. Furthermore, I need better communication skills to become a great listener as well as an <mark style="color:blue;">**articulate speaker**</mark>. If I achieve these goals, I'm confident I'll <mark style="color:blue;">**succeed in**</mark> whatever I choose to do in life.

## 113.

1. "Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all," said Helen Keller. I believe Keller's quote means that life is only worth <mark style="color:blue;">**living**</mark> if you are willing to <mark style="color:blue;">**step out of your comfort zone**</mark> and challenge yourself. Often we're too used to the sense of <mark style="color:blue;">**stability**</mark> and security to even imagine what it would be <mark style="color:blue;">**like**</mark> to <mark style="color:blue;">**explore the unchartered waters**</mark>. Afraid to make mistakes and <mark style="color:blue;">**reluctant to**</mark> go <mark style="color:blue;">**where**</mark> success is not <mark style="color:blue;">**guaranteed**</mark>, <mark style="color:blue;">**we content ourselves with**</mark> what we are and never imagine what we can be. Herself the best example, Keller encourages everyone to <mark style="color:blue;">**venture into the unknown**</mark> instead of taking things as they are.
2. Besides being a loving and caring granny, my grandmother <mark style="color:blue;">**devoted her life to**</mark> living out the true meaning of Helen Keller's quote. Having experienced the horrors of two World Wars, Grandma <mark style="color:blue;">**is no stranger to hardships**</mark> and <mark style="color:blue;">**turmoil**</mark>. When, <mark style="color:blue;">**in**</mark> her mid-70s, she could finally enjoy the fruits of a lifetime of hard work, she made the unfathomable decision of <mark style="color:blue;">**backpacking**</mark> across Europe. When <mark style="color:blue;">**asked**</mark> if such <mark style="color:blue;">**endeavor**</mark> would be too risky for someone of her age, she replied, "Risk is good. Risk makes you stronger." With that, she <mark style="color:blue;">**embarked on**</mark> her trip - the first of many that followed. Grandma <mark style="color:blue;">**demonstrated**</mark> that <mark style="color:blue;">**unpredictability**</mark> and <mark style="color:blue;">**setbacks**</mark> are the exact <mark style="color:blue;">**nutrients**</mark> a person needs to grow and live life to the fullest. I <mark style="color:blue;">**aspire**</mark> to follow her example, going on all the adventures life <mark style="color:blue;">**has in store**</mark> for me.

## 114.

1. The <mark style="color:blue;">**line graph presents**</mark> the <mark style="color:blue;">**electricity bill**</mark> a <mark style="color:blue;">**household**</mark> paid in 2021. Between February and June, their <mark style="color:blue;">**electric bill rose steadily**</mark>. Over the following two months, it <mark style="color:blue;">**soared to a peak**</mark> in August before <mark style="color:blue;">**plunging sharply**</mark> in October. Over the final two months, the bill <mark style="color:blue;">**continued to decline**</mark>. <mark style="color:blue;">**On the whole**</mark>, the closer it got to the summer, the higher their <mark style="color:blue;">**electric bill**</mark> was. This probably <mark style="color:blue;">**resulted from**</mark> their extended use of air conditioning in the summertime to cool down the house. When summer ended, the bill <mark style="color:blue;">**dropped steeply**</mark>.
2. Here are a few tips for the family to save <mark style="color:blue;">**on**</mark> their <mark style="color:blue;">**electricity bill**</mark>. First of all, switch off the lights when leaving a room. Furthermore, <mark style="color:blue;">**identify**</mark> the more <mark style="color:blue;">**energy-consuming appliances**</mark> in the house. Use them less or replace them with more <mark style="color:blue;">**energy-efficient**</mark> ones. In the summertime, use the air conditioner <mark style="color:blue;">**economically**</mark>. For example, keep the temperature set to 26 degree Celsius and use a fan at the same time. Also, <mark style="color:blue;">**set the timer**</mark> on the air conditioner rather than leave the machine <mark style="color:blue;">**on**</mark> all night.

## 115.

1. I grew up in a family that <mark style="color:blue;">**values**</mark> spending quality time together, so we <mark style="color:blue;">**engage in**</mark> quite a lot of fun-filled activities. The most unforgettable one occurred two years ago when I did <mark style="color:blue;">**an escape room game**</mark> with my parents and <mark style="color:blue;">**siblings**</mark> in Taichung. Over the <mark style="color:blue;">**span**</mark> of 60 minutes, we worked <mark style="color:blue;">**as**</mark> a team, trying to solve the clues and <mark style="color:blue;">**figure a way out**</mark>. In the end, the lock <mark style="color:blue;">**sprang open**</mark>, and we <mark style="color:blue;">**cheered in triumph with our arms raised high in the air**</mark>. It was such a thrilling and memorable experience that it will <mark style="color:blue;">**stick**</mark> in my mind forever.
2. Locked in a room <mark style="color:blue;">**as**</mark> a team, we had to <mark style="color:blue;">**crack codes**</mark>, <mark style="color:blue;">**think outside the box**</mark>, and <mark style="color:blue;">**contribute**</mark> ways to solve the mystery before the time was up. The game had us <mark style="color:blue;">**laughing**</mark> and <mark style="color:blue;">**connecting**</mark> with each other all the way. <mark style="color:blue;">**On top of**</mark> that, all of the puzzles required different skills, so every one of us got a chance to <mark style="color:blue;">**show off**</mark> our talent. After the game, we went for some ice cream, talking about the clues we'd missed and what we'd <mark style="color:blue;">**pulled off**</mark>. It is an unforgettable experience <mark style="color:blue;">**where**</mark> everyone was involved without smartphones or devices <mark style="color:blue;">**getting in the way**</mark>. This escape room activity is something that my family will talk about <mark style="color:blue;">**for years to come**</mark>.

## 116.

1. Everyone can see that there are many problems with Taiwan's traffic situation. Cars, buses, trucks, and motorcycles <mark style="color:blue;">**crowd**</mark> the island's streets, leading to many traffic jams and, unfortunately, <mark style="color:blue;">**way**</mark> too many accidents. The government has tried to solve the problem by developing MRT projects and introducing free bicycles for public use. More laws have been passed <mark style="color:blue;">**in an attempt to address**</mark> the problem. In my opinion, <mark style="color:blue;">**eliminating**</mark> U-turns would be a positive step <mark style="color:blue;">**in**</mark> the right direction. Many times I have witnessed drivers making very dangerous turns into <mark style="color:blue;">**oncoming traffic**</mark>. U-turns are already illegal in many countries, and they should be illegal here as well.
2. The immediate benefit would be safer roads. It's nearly impossible for drivers to check both directions of traffic carefully. Another benefit would be a smoother <mark style="color:blue;">**traffic flow**</mark>. Drivers waiting to make U-turns often <mark style="color:blue;">**block**</mark> one lane of traffic as they wait for traffic to <mark style="color:blue;">**clear**</mark>. This causes other drivers to slow down and move to the right to avoid the waiting car. <mark style="color:blue;">**Eliminating**</mark> U-turns would help get rid of this unnecessary <mark style="color:blue;">**congestion**</mark>. Most importantly, though, it would reduce injuries. And isn't this the whole point of making laws?

## 117.

1. COVID-19 has impacted almost every <mark style="color:blue;">**sector**</mark> of the economy, as well as the way people <mark style="color:blue;">**conduct**</mark> their daily lives. When <mark style="color:blue;">**the pandemic was at its peak**</mark>, many countries around the world responded by <mark style="color:blue;">**imposing partial lockdowns**</mark> or <mark style="color:blue;">**placing restrictions on**</mark> traveling. In Taiwan, the government <mark style="color:blue;">**implemented soft lockdown measures**</mark> by closing <mark style="color:blue;">**leisure and entertainment venues**</mark>, such as bars, gyms, and movie theaters. Taiwan also banned eating at restaurants and convenience store during the <mark style="color:blue;">**Level-3 alert period**</mark>.
2. They asked all citizens to wear face masks and <mark style="color:blue;">**practice social distancing**</mark> when out in public. During this period, <mark style="color:blue;">**I rarely ventured outside**</mark> and began using <mark style="color:blue;">**food delivery services**</mark> when I need to eat. I <mark style="color:blue;">**felt tired of**</mark> eating delivery food because it <mark style="color:blue;">**lacked variety**</mark>, and the food all seemed to taste the same. I began to take an interest in cooking after I watched a cooking show on YouTube. By reading my mother's cookbooks and practicing in the kitchen, my new skills progressed <mark style="color:blue;">**by leaps and bounds**</mark>. I often shared the photos of the dishes I made with friends on <mark style="color:blue;">**social media platforms**</mark>. If this <mark style="color:blue;">**pandemic**</mark> ever ends, I think I'll keep learning new cooking skills so I can become a <mark style="color:blue;">**chef**</mark> in the future.

## 118.

1. <mark style="color:blue;">**Injustices**</mark> occur <mark style="color:blue;">**practically**</mark> every day. When witnessing one, some people are brave enough to <mark style="color:blue;">**step up**</mark>, while others <mark style="color:blue;">**freeze up**</mark> or just <mark style="color:blue;">**look on**</mark>. If I see an <mark style="color:blue;">**injustice**</mark> in my daily life, I'll <mark style="color:blue;">**speak up**</mark> and make those behaving unjustly aware that what they are doing is wrong. First, I'll seek help from other <mark style="color:blue;">**bystanders**</mark> because there is strength <mark style="color:blue;">**in**</mark> numbers. Approaching the attacker or <mark style="color:blue;">**bully**</mark> as a group makes it safer to <mark style="color:blue;">**intervene**</mark>. Next, I'll <mark style="color:blue;">**report it to people in authority**</mark> and <mark style="color:blue;">**partner with like-minded**</mark> people to <mark style="color:blue;">**back the victims up**</mark>.
2. I used to be a <mark style="color:blue;">**bystander**</mark> when one of my friends was bullied. Some guys at school <mark style="color:blue;">**ridiculed**</mark> whatever he did, <mark style="color:blue;">**called him names**</mark>, and isolated him. Unfortunately, I stayed on the sidelines whenever I saw him <mark style="color:blue;">**bullied**</mark> because I was afraid that I'd <mark style="color:blue;">**be excluded**</mark> as well if I tried to help. Several months later, our teacher told us he <mark style="color:blue;">**transferred**</mark> to another school, and I lost touch with him. It was at that moment <mark style="color:blue;">**that**</mark> I felt regret for being a silent <mark style="color:blue;">**onlooker**</mark>. <mark style="color:blue;">**If only I had stood up against the bullying**</mark>. Silence gives <mark style="color:blue;">**consent**</mark>, so I told myself that I should <mark style="color:blue;">**step up**</mark> and help stop injustices to prevent anything regrettable from happening again.

## 119.

1. The news that Taiwan is <mark style="color:blue;">**aiming to**</mark> transform itself into a <mark style="color:blue;">**bilingual nation**</mark> by 2030 certainly <mark style="color:blue;">**sparked**</mark> a lot of discussion, not only in the media but also among my fellow students. As far as I'm concerned, this is a terrible idea. There are already many local languages that <mark style="color:blue;">**deserve attention**</mark>. Besides <mark style="color:blue;">**Mandarin**</mark> and <mark style="color:blue;">**Taiwanese**</mark>, there's also <mark style="color:blue;">**Hakka**</mark>, <mark style="color:blue;">**not to mention**</mark> the many <mark style="color:blue;">**indigenous languages**</mark> spoken here. I fear that these languages, as well as the cultures that speak them, will be neglected in the <mark style="color:blue;">**drive**</mark> to make English one of Taiwan's <mark style="color:blue;">**official languages**</mark>. Another consideration in this case is that Taiwan does not have enough qualified teachers to make this <mark style="color:blue;">**proposal**</mark> work, and that is going to <mark style="color:blue;">**do more harm than good**</mark>.
2. Let me <mark style="color:blue;">**elaborate on**</mark> that last point. <mark style="color:blue;">**Suppose**</mark> teachers who don't speak English well are asked to teach math and science classes <mark style="color:blue;">**in**</mark> English. Some of the concepts are hard enough to explain <mark style="color:blue;">**in**</mark> our <mark style="color:blue;">**native language**</mark>, and trying to present them <mark style="color:blue;">**in**</mark> English will just confuse things. Another problem is that while wealthy schools will be able to become <mark style="color:blue;">**bilingual**</mark> and wealthy students will be able to <mark style="color:blue;">**attend**</mark> them, poorer students will not. Many students will likely <mark style="color:blue;">**be left behind**</mark> and <mark style="color:blue;">**the gap between the haves and the have-nots will widen**</mark>. While I understand the government's motivation for making Taiwan <mark style="color:blue;">**bilingual**</mark>, I don't believe this plan can, or should, succeed.

## 120.

1. Last Sunday was an "unforgettable" day for Chris and his two lovely dogs, Kiki and Nini. It was a <mark style="color:blue;">**scorching hot**</mark> day, perfect for beach and water activities. Thus, Chris decided to go to a nearby beach with his dogs to <mark style="color:blue;">**relieve**</mark> all of his pressure from work. Chris got up early, got things packed quickly, and happily <mark style="color:blue;">**set off**</mark>. <mark style="color:blue;">**Before long**</mark>, Chris arrived at the beach. There, he played with Kiki and Nini <mark style="color:blue;">**to his heart's content**</mark>. They had such a wonderful time together. <mark style="color:blue;">**All of a sudden**</mark>, something <mark style="color:blue;">**unexpected**</mark> happened. A big wave <mark style="color:blue;">**crashed down on**</mark> Chris, immediately <mark style="color:blue;">**sweeping him out to sea**</mark>. Chris cried out loudly for help at that <mark style="color:blue;">**critical**</mark> moment <mark style="color:blue;">**with**</mark> his two dogs running <mark style="color:blue;">**anxiously**</mark> and barking <mark style="color:blue;">**frantically**</mark>.
2. It was when Chris had nearly drowned <mark style="color:blue;">**that**</mark> a brave and kind-hearted man <mark style="color:blue;">**came to his rescue**</mark>. The man, who ran a watercraft rental shop near the beach, saw Chris in danger and joined the <mark style="color:blue;">**rescue effort without a second thought**</mark>. Fortunately, Chris was saved and <mark style="color:blue;">**pulled ashore**</mark> in the end. After this terrible accident, Chris learned the harsh lesson that he should <mark style="color:blue;">**exercise greater cautio**</mark>n while playing in the water since accidents can happen anytime and anywhere.

## 121.

1. The third stanza explores <mark style="color:blue;">**mental toughness**</mark> and the power of will that one must possess. Life is a game of chance, the speaker warns, so sometimes you must <mark style="color:blue;">**bet**</mark> whatever you have in one play of "pitch-and-toss" to be successful. However, even if you lose everything, <mark style="color:blue;">**don't indulge in self-pity**</mark>. <mark style="color:blue;">**And if exhaustion overtakes you, rely on your willpower to carry you through**</mark>. <mark style="color:blue;">**Ultimate success comes to those who fined inner strength and have the will to persevere**</mark>.
2. As the speaker says, <mark style="color:blue;">**associate with people from all walks of life**</mark>, from kings to <mark style="color:blue;">**common people**</mark>, but <mark style="color:blue;">**retain a balanced world view in all your interactions**</mark>. You will unavoidably encounter both friends and <mark style="color:blue;">**foes**</mark> in life, but avoid being overly hurt or influenced by <mark style="color:blue;">**either**</mark>. In addition, keep in mind that time is previous. It doesn't wait for anyone, <mark style="color:blue;">**nor does it give anyone a second chance**</mark>. Be sure, therefore, to cherish every moment in your life and <mark style="color:blue;">**live it to the full**</mark>.

## 122.

1. Food loss means <mark style="color:blue;">**what should have been available to people**</mark> was not <mark style="color:blue;">**consumed**</mark> for any reason. Food loss can happen at various points along the food chain, including production, processing, storage, retailing, and consumption. The figure showing the <mark style="color:blue;">**percentage**</mark> of food loss in different regions of our world tells us that the major source of food loss <mark style="color:blue;">**differs from region to region**</mark>. To begin with, developed countries tend to have a larger percentage of their food loss occur at the consumer level <mark style="color:blue;">**compared with**</mark> developing nations, <mark style="color:blue;">**where**</mark> loss is more likely to take place during production and handling. Second, less-developed areas tend to have more issues related to factors like poor <mark style="color:blue;">**infrastructure**</mark>. On the other hand, <mark style="color:blue;">**consumer preference**</mark> can be more likely to cause waste in the United States and Europe.
2. Based from the observation, we can <mark style="color:blue;">**come up with**</mark> some ways to reduce the problem of food loss. <mark style="color:blue;">**Individually**</mark>, we can prevent food loss and waste by paying more attention to how we treat the food we eat. Some actions we can take are planning our meals before <mark style="color:blue;">**grocery shopping**</mark>, buying <mark style="color:blue;">**no more than**</mark> what we need, and being creative with our <mark style="color:blue;">**food leftovers**</mark>. More importantly, we need to avoid <mark style="color:blue;">**being seduced**</mark> by bulk offers which might <mark style="color:blue;">**end up as waste**</mark>. <mark style="color:blue;">**As for**</mark> our government, <mark style="color:blue;">**the authorities can enact laws and policies**</mark> that force the businesses and <mark style="color:blue;">**retailers**</mark> to make good use of edible food. In addition, educating the consumers to do wise <mark style="color:blue;">**purchases**</mark> on food can also decrease the possibility of food waste. Food loss is an urgent problem <mark style="color:blue;">**to be solved**</mark> worldwide. It is better to act quickly than to wait.

## 123.

1. Although teachers, parents, and friends are always <mark style="color:blue;">**on hand**</mark> to offer you advice and guidance, no one can live your life for you. The <mark style="color:blue;">**complexities**</mark> of life are simply things you must experience and learn on your own. I often like to <mark style="color:blue;">**compare**</mark> my life <mark style="color:blue;">**to mountain trekking**</mark>. As an <mark style="color:blue;">**avid**</mark> hiker, I am extremely <mark style="color:blue;">**annoyed**</mark> to hear stories of people driving up to mountain <mark style="color:blue;">**summits**</mark>. For my part, mountaintop views must be <mark style="color:blue;">**earned**</mark> through the hard work, and <mark style="color:blue;">**patience**</mark> of walking. It's not about rushing to the top, but about <mark style="color:blue;">**taking your time**</mark> to enjoy the journey, <mark style="color:blue;">**taking in the scenery**</mark>, and <mark style="color:blue;">**earning your rewards**</mark>. Life must be <mark style="color:blue;">**similarly**</mark> lived - <mark style="color:blue;">**at a leisurely pace**</mark>. <mark style="color:blue;">**Meaning must be sought**</mark>.

## 124.

1. My cheek was <mark style="color:blue;">**burning with embarrassment**</mark> after <mark style="color:blue;">**delivering**</mark> a simple speech in front of a crowd, and I was <mark style="color:blue;">**fervently**</mark> praying that somehow I could become invisible. <mark style="color:blue;">**Looking back on the past two years**</mark> in senior high, I have always <mark style="color:blue;">**been tormented by moments as such**</mark>. The reason I am afraid of facing the crowd was because of a terrible experience from my first speech. <mark style="color:blue;">**If my memory serves me right**</mark>, that day, I <mark style="color:blue;">**stepped up to the podium**</mark>, <mark style="color:blue;">**cleared my throat nervously**</mark>, and began my speech.
2. I could feel <mark style="color:blue;">**my heart was throbbing quickly**</mark> and my hands were shaking uncontrollably. Suddenly, <mark style="color:blue;">**the microphone went dead**</mark>. The crowd, hearing nothing but seeing me open my mouth wide trying hard to <mark style="color:blue;">**utter**</mark> each word, started laughing and <mark style="color:blue;">**teasing**</mark> me<mark style="color:blue;">**, which**</mark> made me embarrassed. <mark style="color:blue;">**I couldn't help but dash out of the door with everyone roaring with laughter**</mark>. Ever since then, public speech becomes <mark style="color:blue;">**the last thing**</mark> I would like to do.

## 125.

1. With the rapid development of technology in modern times, people nowadays have <mark style="color:blue;">**far**</mark> more types of houses to choose from. The two types shown in the picture are the most common ones in Taiwan. The one on the left is a rather traditional type of building; it is usually seen in <mark style="color:blue;">**less populated**</mark> areas. It only has <mark style="color:blue;">**eight households**</mark> with no elevators, but there are closer <mark style="color:blue;">**bonds**</mark> between residents. <mark style="color:blue;">**In contrast**</mark>, the one on the right is a modern <mark style="color:blue;">**high-rise apartment complex**</mark>. It has <mark style="color:blue;">**eighty households**</mark> and many <mark style="color:blue;">**facilities**</mark> inside of it. It can be seen in <mark style="color:blue;">**urban areas**</mark>, especially when there is limited space for housing. The two buildings have their own <mark style="color:blue;">**pros and cons**</mark> and have remained popular for a long time.
2. As far as I'm concerned, I <mark style="color:blue;">**prefer**</mark> the <mark style="color:blue;">**high-rise apartment**</mark> <mark style="color:blue;">**to**</mark> the traditional one. My family and I <mark style="color:blue;">**are**</mark> usually <mark style="color:blue;">**occupied with**</mark> work on weekdays, so we don't have time to wait for <mark style="color:blue;">**delivery people**</mark> or the <mark style="color:blue;">**garbage and recycling trucks**</mark>. In this case, the <mark style="color:blue;">**property management company**</mark> of the complex can be <mark style="color:blue;">**of tremendous assistance**</mark>. They can collect mail and <mark style="color:blue;">**parcels**</mark> for us and <mark style="color:blue;">**dispose of**</mark> the garbage for all the residents. Secondly, I am <mark style="color:blue;">**more of an introvert**</mark>; therefore, I prefer staying home and enjoying the <mark style="color:blue;">**facilities**</mark> in the apartment. For example, I can go swimming in the apartment pool or even <mark style="color:blue;">**work out**</mark> at the <mark style="color:blue;">**community gym**</mark>, both of <mark style="color:blue;">**which**</mark> are not <mark style="color:blue;">**available**</mark> in the traditional apartment building. Considering these two major benefits, the <mark style="color:blue;">**high-rise apartment**</mark> is definitely better for me.

## 126.

1. In the past, Taiwanese students had limited lunch options. We either brought a lunch box from home or ate <mark style="color:blue;">**whatever**</mark> was provided by the <mark style="color:blue;">**school cafeteria**</mark>. Now, with the <mark style="color:blue;">**rise**</mark> of food-delivery services, a whole new <mark style="color:blue;">**culinary world**</mark> has opened to us. <mark style="color:blue;">**Good riddance to bland boiled cabbage**</mark> and <mark style="color:blue;">**mystery meat served over white rice**</mark>. These miserable lunches <mark style="color:blue;">**should have been replaced**</mark> long ago <mark style="color:blue;">**with tasty**</mark>, <mark style="color:blue;">**diverse options**</mark> that <mark style="color:blue;">**cater to students' individual dietary preferences**</mark>. <mark style="color:blue;">**Now that such options are available, there is no good reason why they should be withheld from us**</mark>.
2. <mark style="color:blue;">**Allowing food-delivery options**</mark> in schools is a good idea for many reasons. First, it <mark style="color:blue;">**empowers**</mark> students to make dietary decisions for themselves. Without <mark style="color:blue;">**a variety of**</mark> options, we will never learn to make smart food choices. Second, it enables students with <mark style="color:blue;">**allergies**</mark> or <mark style="color:blue;">**dietary restrictions**</mark> to quickly and easily order suitable- and tasty- meals. Finally, it ensures that students <mark style="color:blue;">**have access to**</mark> high-quality foods. Often, <mark style="color:blue;">**catered**</mark> options are poor <mark style="color:blue;">**at best**</mark>, and this is surely the case in many Taiwanese schools. I strongly believe that schools should allow students to order food-delivery options for lunch. If adults are free to choose their lunchtime meals, why shouldn't students be?

## 127.

1. The first <mark style="color:blue;">**highlights the potential long-lasting consequences**</mark> of false information. In 1998, a British researcher published a <mark style="color:blue;">**small-scale**</mark> study in a respected medical journal, and it linked the MMR vaccine to <mark style="color:blue;">**autism**</mark>. The media provided <mark style="color:blue;">**extensive coverage**</mark> of this flawed study. As a result, the belief that the MMR vaccine could cause <mark style="color:blue;">**autism**</mark> became widespread. Some people's <mark style="color:blue;">**confidence in the vaccine was shattered**</mark>, and <mark style="color:blue;">**vaccination rate**</mark> dropped. However, <mark style="color:blue;">**subsequent**</mark> studies with larger samples <mark style="color:blue;">**revealed**</mark> different results, and the original study was eventually proved inaccurate. Even so, years after, <mark style="color:blue;">**parents were still exposed to large numbers of negative reports**</mark>, and some refused to <mark style="color:blue;">**vaccinate their children for fear that it might do more harm than good**</mark>.

## 128.

1. The widespread support for producing meat <mark style="color:blue;">**in**</mark> this way is due to the fact that it <mark style="color:blue;">**holds several substantial advantages**</mark> compared to more traditional methods. Firstly, one could argue that traditional or old-fashioned meat production facilities, such as farms or factories, hardly ever <mark style="color:blue;">**have the animals’ best interest at heart**</mark>. Growing meat in a laboratory instead would help <mark style="color:blue;">**eliminate the need for slaughterhouses**</mark> and the <mark style="color:blue;">**unethical**</mark> treatment of these animals. In other words, <mark style="color:blue;">**you can rest assured**</mark> that the so-called lab-grown beef patty on your plate didn’t come from a cow that had to <mark style="color:blue;">**endure physical or mental torment**</mark>.
2. Better still, it could help make meat production more <mark style="color:blue;">**sustainable**</mark>. The raising of livestock needed to fulfill the current global demand for meat actually <mark style="color:blue;">**takes a heavy toll on the environment**</mark>. Whether we like it or not, lab-grown meat is a rising trend that would have a <mark style="color:blue;">**long-term impact on**</mark> a global scale. It might, however, <mark style="color:blue;">**come at a price**</mark>. To ensure that future foods are both <mark style="color:blue;">**sustainable**</mark> and healthy, it is therefore essential for us to conduct more-inclusive research first before we <mark style="color:blue;">**jump to any conclusions**</mark>. For now, all we can do is <mark style="color:blue;">**keep a close eye on**</mark> this rapidly growing trend as it takes us further and deeper into the unknown.

## 129.

1. As the world’s sea levels continue to rise, <mark style="color:blue;">**largely owing to human factors**</mark>, <mark style="color:blue;">**the outlook for Venice remains grim**</mark>. Indeed, the case of Venice <mark style="color:blue;">**poses**</mark> a test for humanity - a test of how we can <mark style="color:blue;">**make joint efforts to curb global warming**</mark> and prevent the environment from being destroyed. Such efforts <mark style="color:blue;">**are far from being**</mark> the responsibility of only individual governments or groups but instead require all humans to <mark style="color:blue;">**acknowledge**</mark> what is happening and work toward the <mark style="color:blue;">**common goal**</mark> of preserving our beloved Earth for future generations.

## 130.

1. Dear customers<mark style="color:blue;">**,**</mark>\
   As the <mark style="color:blue;">**chief executive**</mark> of QQQ Bakery, I want to express my <mark style="color:blue;">**sincerest apologies**</mark> and deepest regrets to you over our company’s <mark style="color:blue;">**inappropriate**</mark> actions. <mark style="color:blue;">**In spite of pledging to**</mark> always keep our bread <mark style="color:blue;">**free of artificial ingredients**</mark>, we used <mark style="color:blue;">**artificial flavor essences**</mark>, in addition to <mark style="color:blue;">**artificial dyes**</mark>, as a <mark style="color:blue;">**cost-saving measure**</mark>. Not only did we <mark style="color:blue;">**fail to uphold our commitment**</mark> to using all-natural ingredients in our baked goods, but we also misrepresented our products to you, our valued customers. Words can’t express how sorry we are for that, and we are taking action to <mark style="color:blue;">**remedy our mistakes**</mark> while doing all we can to be <mark style="color:blue;">**as transparent as possible**</mark> about our products going forward.
2. Effective immediately we are no longer using <mark style="color:blue;">**artificial flavorings**</mark>, colorings, or <mark style="color:blue;">**preservatives**</mark> in any of our products. Customers will now find full nutritional information and <mark style="color:blue;">**ingredients lists**</mark> for each product next to the shelves <mark style="color:blue;">**where**</mark> they are sold in-store as well as on our website. When it comes to previously purchased artificially-flavored bread from QQQ, customers may bring in their <mark style="color:blue;">**receipt**</mark> to get a store <mark style="color:blue;">**voucher**</mark> valued double <mark style="color:blue;">**at**</mark> the price of the purchased items, which can be used to buy any product available in our stores. We once again apologize and hope to <mark style="color:blue;">**earn your continued business**</mark> in the future with products that are healthier than ever before.\
   &#x20;                                                                                                                                           Yours truly,\
   &#x20;                                                                                                                                   Elizabeth Reese\
   &#x20;                                                                                                                                    Chief Executive\
   &#x20;                                                                                                                                  QQQ Bakery Ltd.

## 131.

1. Whenever I jog down memory lane, my grandma's house is the one that I happen to miss a lot. It is one of my favorite places from childhood. Located on the <mark style="color:blue;">**outskirts**</mark> of the city, it was the most peaceful summer spot for us. Just like my grandma’s charismatic personality, this house, too, was very special. There was always something about it that <mark style="color:blue;">**set it apart from**</mark> all of the places that I have been to. The summers called for an extended stay at Grandma’s. It was a family gathering spot for all of us. Whether it was birthdays, graduations, or simple barbecues, Grandma’s it was! The entire house was filled with laughter. The sweet <mark style="color:blue;">**aroma**</mark> of apple pie <mark style="color:blue;">**lurked**</mark> around the rooms. Aunt Beth always made her famous chicken wings. Uncle Murphy’s chilled mint margaritas washed down this dish. However, it was never an evening until we <mark style="color:blue;">**dug into**</mark> our grandma’s <mark style="color:blue;">**signature**</mark> apple pie.
2. Our grandma has dedicated a kid’s sleepover room. In this way, all of the cousins stayed in one room. She also brought <mark style="color:blue;">**midnight treats**</mark>. The fun did not end yet. Her bedtime stories were the most <mark style="color:blue;">**awaited**</mark> part of every single day. We used to form a tent using all of the blankets. She would then <mark style="color:blue;">**cuddle**</mark> with us and <mark style="color:blue;">**narrate**</mark> the most <mark style="color:blue;">**intriguing**</mark> stories. It was a whole experience. The story was not always <mark style="color:blue;">**goody-goody**</mark>. She took us on an <mark style="color:blue;">**emotional roller coaster**</mark>. There were a lot of hidden lessons and <mark style="color:blue;">**morals**</mark> in it. The house has a big backyard. Our grandma used to grow all sorts of herbs and veggies. “The real food,” she called it. Unlike others, she used to enjoy the food supply that came out of her garden. We used to love her version of the famous “ratatouille.” She used to add a little meat and <mark style="color:blue;">**sprinkle**</mark> it with parmesan cheese. It was an <mark style="color:blue;">**otherworldly**</mark> dish. The titbits never went to waste. She was a food magician, and that enabled her to <mark style="color:blue;">**make new dishes out of leftovers**</mark>.
3. The <mark style="color:blue;">**front porch**</mark> was her favorite spot. We used to sit there for hours. Our discussions <mark style="color:blue;">**spiraled into**</mark> different topics. She never missed an opportunity to feed a bird or a squirrel. The entire neighborhood respected her for her charm and kindness. She was indeed the <mark style="color:blue;">**ace**</mark> of our hearts. Her place was welcoming to all. No one in our family would ever <mark style="color:blue;">**trade it for**</mark> a weekend on a hill station. There are countless memories of my grandma’s house. Whenever our family gathers around, we always talk about the <mark style="color:blue;">**occasions**</mark> and the incidents that happened. Though she is not here today, her house still <mark style="color:blue;">**stands**</mark> to be the best place for us. It is the same summer spot that we will never turn down since it is our favorite place.

## 132.

1. Humans are constantly searching for more reliable and cleaner energy sources than <mark style="color:blue;">**fossil fuels**</mark>. Some people <mark style="color:blue;">**applaud**</mark> nuclear power, whereas others <mark style="color:blue;">**favor**</mark> renewable energy. In the charts, we can see a visual analysis of the two energy sources. According to the spider charts, each energy source is graded based on five <mark style="color:blue;">**criteria**</mark>: cost efficiency, space efficiency, reliability, safety, and sustainability. Nuclear energy <mark style="color:blue;">**performs better**</mark> on the <mark style="color:blue;">**former three**</mark> elements, while renewable energy <mark style="color:blue;">**scores higher**</mark> on the <mark style="color:blue;">**latter two**</mark> elements.
2. If I were to choose between the two energy sources, I’d definitely <mark style="color:blue;">**opt for**</mark> renewable energy because nuclear safety is a huge <mark style="color:blue;">**concern**</mark> for me. In addition to a potential for a nuclear disaster like the one in Fukushima in 2011, nuclear waste is tricky to get rid of safely. Meanwhile, renewable energy <mark style="color:blue;">**poses no threat**</mark> and produces less pollution. Further, renewable energy promises to last forever. As long as there is wind, sunshine, or water, we will be able to draw power from them. Therefore, I hope we can <mark style="color:blue;">**switch**</mark> from nuclear energy to renewable energy.

## 133.

1. There are lessons that we learn the hard way, and it is such lessons that <mark style="color:blue;">**transform**</mark> how we <mark style="color:blue;">**perceive**</mark> life. For me, this valuable lesson came in the form of a horrifying experience when I was in ninth grade. <mark style="color:blue;">**In the dead of night**</mark>, a terrific <mark style="color:blue;">**jolt**</mark> rocked me out of a deep, peaceful <mark style="color:blue;">**slumber**</mark>. <mark style="color:blue;">**The windows were rattling**</mark>, the power was out, and the quake <mark style="color:blue;">**showed no sign of dying down**</mark> for what seemed like forever. Since it was too dark to see, a loud crash told me my treasured Lego car model was now <mark style="color:blue;">**in pieces scattering**</mark> on the floor.
2. <mark style="color:blue;">**Paralyzed**</mark> by fear, I lay powerlessly in bed and prayed to Guan-Yin, Goddess of Mercy, for the safety of my family. My mother soon rushed to my bedside, <mark style="color:blue;">**comforting**</mark> me, and I <mark style="color:blue;">**drifted into an uneasy sleep**</mark>. What I saw on TV <mark style="color:blue;">**the next morning**</mark> again <mark style="color:blue;">**struck me dumb**</mark>. <mark style="color:blue;">**Houses were reduced to ruins**</mark>; people were injured, killed, or still <mark style="color:blue;">**unaccounted for**</mark>. Many had their belongings and loved ones taken from them. <mark style="color:blue;">**Overcome**</mark> with shock, I did something I hadn’t done since I became a teenager - I hugged my parents and my baby sister, telling them how much I loved them. <mark style="color:blue;">**A surge of gratefulness**</mark> finally eased my fear. I learned to never <mark style="color:blue;">**take**</mark> anything, or anyone, <mark style="color:blue;">**for granted**</mark>. More importantly, I learned to show my <mark style="color:blue;">**appreciation**</mark> for them while I still could.

## 134.

1. The rise of social media has changed how we deal with information not only because it has become a <mark style="color:blue;">**primary**</mark> source of news for many, but because anyone can share information <mark style="color:blue;">**effortlessly**</mark>, <mark style="color:blue;">**contributing to**</mark> the speed <mark style="color:blue;">**at which**</mark> it spreads. Newspapers <mark style="color:blue;">**are supposed to**</mark> be <mark style="color:blue;">**objective**</mark> and balanced, but these <mark style="color:blue;">**ethics**</mark> can be easily ignored on social media. Therefore, social networks <mark style="color:blue;">**are**</mark> often <mark style="color:blue;">**clustered with**</mark> huge <mark style="color:blue;">**amounts**</mark> misinformation, and it is difficult for people to <mark style="color:blue;">**assess**</mark> its truthfulness, especially when it comes to issues of public concern or <mark style="color:blue;">**emotionally charged**</mark> content.
2. Last year a post <mark style="color:blue;">**circulating**</mark> on social media claimed that lemon juice mixed with green tea would <mark style="color:blue;">**eliminate**</mark> the COVID-19 virus and that Vietnam recorded no death due to widespread <mark style="color:blue;">**consumption**</mark> of hot lemon tea. After reading the news, my grandmother, worried sick about the vaccine’s <mark style="color:blue;">**side effects**</mark>, decided to <mark style="color:blue;">**skip vaccinations**</mark> since <mark style="color:blue;">**she was convinced that**</mark> drinking lemon tea would protect her from <mark style="color:blue;">**infections**</mark>. Shocked by her decision, my parents tried to prove such claims were false and make her realize the best way to stay healthy was to <mark style="color:blue;">**get vaccinated**</mark>, but <mark style="color:blue;">**to no avail**</mark>. Soon, she got COVID-19 and even <mark style="color:blue;">**developed**</mark> long COVID. Clearly, misinformation often misleads the public into making wrong decisions and thus <mark style="color:blue;">**poses a threat to**</mark> public safety.

## 135.

1. Leisure activities are getting more valued nowadays. It is not unusual to find people spending their weekends at various campsites so as to escape concrete jungle, get closer to nature and <mark style="color:blue;">**relish**</mark> the <mark style="color:blue;">**mellow vibes**</mark>. There are campsites <mark style="color:blue;">**situated**</mark> in national parks or natural surroundings, like campsite A, offering plain and <mark style="color:blue;">**primitive**</mark> experiences for campers. They can build a campfire with woods at the fireplace to enjoy the <mark style="color:blue;">**roughly**</mark>-made yet <mark style="color:blue;">**delectable**</mark> food. <mark style="color:blue;">**Encircled**</mark> by forests, campers can fully <mark style="color:blue;">**immerse themselves in**</mark> the peaceful air in nature. There is, however, one thing that not most people can get used to; that is, only cold water is <mark style="color:blue;">**available**</mark> for showers. Those aiming for a comfortable camping experience may prefer Campsite B, a more luxurious <mark style="color:blue;">**alternative**</mark> for camping.
2. Aside from public shower rooms and toilets, these campsites are mostly run by holiday resorts and well-equipped with <mark style="color:blue;">**modern facilities**</mark>. Electricity and wifi are no doubt one feature to <mark style="color:blue;">**Internet addicts**</mark> who tend to post their <mark style="color:blue;">**updates**</mark> on social media <mark style="color:blue;">**in no time**</mark>. With its convenience, Campsite B, <mark style="color:blue;">**charging**</mark> six thousand and eight hundred dollars, costs twice more than Campsite A. It’s obvious that these two campsites <mark style="color:blue;">**appeal to**</mark> different customers, who arrange their holiday for different purposes. As a nature lover, I prefer types <mark style="color:blue;">**similar to**</mark> Campsite A. The experience as well as price are my <mark style="color:blue;">**major concerns**</mark>. Although there is no wifi, I can be entirely <mark style="color:blue;">**embraced**</mark> by nature and will not be disturbed by annoying line messages all the time. In the morning, my friends and I can have fun in the <mark style="color:blue;">**creeks**</mark> near the campsite, which is a rare chance for people like us staying in urban areas most of the time.
3. I have always wanted to try to freeze fresh cucumbers in the icy river water, just like many Japanese would do in the movies. After we <mark style="color:blue;">**expose ourselves to**</mark> sunlight during the outdoor activities all day, a cold shower in the evening sounds <mark style="color:blue;">**refreshing**</mark>. For dinner, we can set up a campfire to cook instant noodles, <mark style="color:blue;">**grill**</mark> smoked sausages and <mark style="color:blue;">**roast marshmallows**</mark>, enjoying them with <mark style="color:blue;">**crunchy**</mark> cucumbers cooled by the <mark style="color:blue;">**creek**</mark>. What excites me the most is that we can sleep under the night sky <mark style="color:blue;">**with twinkling stars dotted all over**</mark> since there is no air pollution at the campsite. It definitely will be a glamorous and unforgettable scene. In addition to the unique experience in nature, Campsite A charges much less than Campsite B. My friends and I can afford a weekend like this without a tight budget. I find it far more attractive and can’t wait to book a tent for my vacation.

## 136.

1. Rules are rules. Many people, however, question the need for many public <mark style="color:blue;">**dos and don’ts**</mark> until they have found themselves in trouble. To <mark style="color:blue;">**illustrate**</mark> the point, Peter always wonders why there are so many rules <mark style="color:blue;">**specifically**</mark> for dog owners. He <mark style="color:blue;">**mumbles to himself**</mark> about the rules he and his dog Toby have to follow: “I’m not allowed to take Toby into most shops, and if I want to use the MRT, I have to put Toby into a special dog basket. And I’m sure there are more!” Peter is feeling a little sorry for himself. It is early in the morning. <mark style="color:blue;">**There isn’t a soul in sight**</mark>, so Peter decides to <mark style="color:blue;">**let Toby off his leash**</mark>. “<mark style="color:blue;">**What harm can it do**</mark>? <mark style="color:blue;">**We have the whole park to ourselves**</mark>.”
2. At this moment, Toby suddenly <mark style="color:blue;">**bolts**</mark> towards the other side of the park and out of Peter’s sight. Nonetheless, Peter can hear his pet barking. He follows the noise, <mark style="color:blue;">**only to**</mark> be shocked by the sight that <mark style="color:blue;">**meets his eyes**</mark>. Toby’s mouth is watering as he jumps up trying to steal a burger from a little boy. He doesn’t have time to <mark style="color:blue;">**sink his teeth into**</mark> the burger before Peter manages to get him on his <mark style="color:blue;">**leash**</mark> and pull him away. Peter is feeling very <mark style="color:blue;">**guilty**</mark>, as the angry mother points to the sign and says, “<mark style="color:blue;">**Dogs must be kept on a leash**</mark>.” Peter is upset with himself, but now he realizes the importance of signs for dog owners. Such rules protect the public from the <mark style="color:blue;">**radar-like**</mark> noses of pet dogs. Otherwise, they may bite more than just burgers.

## 137.

1. My name is Fiona Lin. I have been living in Hualien since I was born. Growing up in this city, I am lucky enough to <mark style="color:blue;">**be bathed in**</mark> wonderful natural scenery and amazing <mark style="color:blue;">**aboriginal cultures**</mark>. The streets in Hualien are always crowded with visitors from other cities or even other countries; therefore, I often have a chance to interact with them, which, I think, is a pleasant and valuable experience. Dreaming of a tourism-associated career, I aim at studying in your Department of <mark style="color:blue;">**Tourism, Recreation, and Leisure**</mark> Studies. I am a qualified candidate, as I have the qualities of being <mark style="color:blue;">**extroverted**</mark>, passionate, organized, and always show <mark style="color:blue;">**initiative**</mark> in whatever I do. Most important of all, I have <mark style="color:blue;">**a good command in English**</mark>. Not only have I <mark style="color:blue;">**obtained**</mark> a high score, 950, in TOEIC test, but I am also the winner of the English speech contest held by the city government.

## 138.

1. As we all know, people cannot lead a normal life without proper <mark style="color:blue;">**access to**</mark> the everyday grocery. The way in which people purchase their <mark style="color:blue;">**necessities**</mark> is undergoing some changes. This graph shows the <mark style="color:blue;">**upward trend**</mark> in the <mark style="color:blue;">**growth**</mark> and <mark style="color:blue;">**revenue**</mark> of <mark style="color:blue;">**online retailing industry**</mark> from 2018 to 2021. The <mark style="color:blue;">**revenue**</mark> climbed by 178 billion dollars, which <mark style="color:blue;">**soared**</mark> by 70% compared to the <mark style="color:blue;">**figure**</mark> in 2018. It suggests that online shopping has been <mark style="color:blue;">**in a surge**</mark> for the past four years. This is a <mark style="color:blue;">**faithful reflection**</mark> of modern people's shopping habits. The internet brings everything to your door, hence the <mark style="color:blue;">**increasing inclination**</mark> to shop online.
2. My parents hardly ever <mark style="color:blue;">**do their grocery shopping**</mark> at a <mark style="color:blue;">**brick-and-motar**</mark> supermarket; I cannot even remember the last time my friends mentioned visiting an actual bookstore. With a few clicks and in the comfort of our home, we can get almost everything we need. <mark style="color:blue;">**From my perspective**</mark>, I consider the advantages of online shopping <mark style="color:blue;">**outweigh**</mark> its disadvantages. Shopping online can save us a lot of time because we don't have to go out, <mark style="color:blue;">**tolerating**</mark> the traffic to the stores, the crows and waiting lines in the stores.
3. Plus, we don't have to physically walk <mark style="color:blue;">**from store to store**</mark> to find the <mark style="color:blue;">**best bargain, which**</mark> saves us much energy. We consumers are really benefited from the growth of the online retailing industry. Nevertheless, online shopping is not a <mark style="color:blue;">**flawless**</mark> way for shopping. Sometimes, the quality of the goods is not so nice as we see on the websites. In addition, <mark style="color:blue;">**disclosing**</mark> so much personal information online puts us in danger, for it might be stolen by criminals. To sum up, only when we are very careful when shopping online <mark style="color:blue;">**can we**</mark> really enjoy the benefits of online shopping.

## 139.

1. <mark style="color:blue;">**Drained of energy**</mark> after a day's <mark style="color:blue;">**toil**</mark> at school, I <mark style="color:blue;">**relished**</mark> the <mark style="color:blue;">**prospect**</mark> of relaxing at home and <mark style="color:blue;">**indulging myself with**</mark> a luxury French dessert as a reward. Just as I <mark style="color:blue;">**sank into the couch with exhaustion**</mark>, an excellent idea <mark style="color:blue;">**flashed across**</mark> my mind - a food delivery platform. I immediately searched for a <mark style="color:blue;">**gourmet**</mark> patisserie and <mark style="color:blue;">**placed an order**</mark> for my cherished strawberry mille-feuille. <mark style="color:blue;">**Before long**</mark>, a delivery man who followed the <mark style="color:blue;">**navigation system**</mark> on his smartphone came <mark style="color:blue;">**racing**</mark> into our community <mark style="color:blue;">**on**</mark> a scooter <mark style="color:blue;">**loaded with**</mark> a big <mark style="color:blue;">**isolated bad**</mark> of food. <mark style="color:blue;">**Upon arrival**</mark>, he <mark style="color:blue;">**hurriedly reached into the bad for my order**</mark> and handed it to me, <mark style="color:blue;">**with beads of sweat standing out on his forehead**</mark>.
2. <mark style="color:blue;">**At the sight of**</mark> my favorite cake, I was flooded with joy <mark style="color:blue;">**mingled with**</mark> a wave of warmth <mark style="color:blue;">**surging**</mark> in my heart. I <mark style="color:blue;">**grasped**</mark> an opportunity to thank him before he <mark style="color:blue;">**mounted**</mark> his scooter and <mark style="color:blue;">**resumed**</mark> his journey of delivering <mark style="color:blue;">**culinary delights**</mark> and happiness to every corner of the city. <mark style="color:blue;">**Despite**</mark> all the comfort and convenience of the food delivery service, I personally prefer <mark style="color:blue;">**physical**</mark> restaurants. To begin with, a delivered meal can't compare with freshly cooked <mark style="color:blue;">**cuisine**</mark> served at a restaurant. The meal tends to lose its original flavor after <mark style="color:blue;">**traveling a distance**</mark>, and it is usually packed in a cheap box <mark style="color:blue;">**in sharp contrast to**</mark> a restaurant's <mark style="color:blue;">**aesthetically**</mark> decorated dishes. In addition, a restaurant creates a <mark style="color:blue;">**festive atmosphere**</mark> and a memorable dining experience. I prefer to celebrate at a fancy restaurant <mark style="color:blue;">**on**</mark> a special occasion and take glamorous photographs there. Last, ordering a meal through a food delivery platform does not cost less than dining out. There is a <mark style="color:blue;">**delivery charge**</mark> for the service, which varies according to the distance <mark style="color:blue;">**traveled**</mark>. Therefore, it appears that physical restaurants still <mark style="color:blue;">**hold irreplaceable appeal**</mark> for me.

## 140.

1. These two posters advertise two preschools with <mark style="color:blue;">**distinctly**</mark> different <mark style="color:blue;">**approaches**</mark>. Bright Beginnings Preschool <mark style="color:blue;">**features**</mark> total safety, allowing children to learn and play in a <mark style="color:blue;">**hazard-free**</mark> environment. Things that children <mark style="color:blue;">**come into contact with**</mark>, such as books, toys, and sandpits, <mark style="color:blue;">**are sterilized**</mark> to make sure they are <mark style="color:blue;">**germ-free**</mark>. <mark style="color:blue;">**Inflatable slides**</mark> and soft toys help prevent injuries. Both teachers and kids wash their hands every hour to <mark style="color:blue;">**ensure maximum hygiene**</mark>. On the other hand, Happy Trails offers an environment for children to explore. Instead of staying in the classroom, kids spend <mark style="color:blue;">**the majority of their time**</mark> outdoors, <mark style="color:blue;">**exposed to**</mark> things traditionally considered to be dangerous, such as fire. They are taken on walks in the woods twice a day, <mark style="color:blue;">**during which**</mark> they can get a close look at nature. Kids here learn about things by actually doing things.
2. Having grown up over-protected, I think Happy Trails is a better preschool for kids <mark style="color:blue;">**aged**</mark> four to six. When I was little, my parents tried everything to <mark style="color:blue;">**keep risks at bay**</mark>. I was never allowed to try anything that were <mark style="color:blue;">**remotely**</mark> dangerous. They said no to me playing basketball and yes to me playing chess, as the former <mark style="color:blue;">**involved**</mark> more <mark style="color:blue;">**pushing and tripping**</mark>, while the latter was less <mark style="color:blue;">**injury prone**</mark>. This resulted in <mark style="color:blue;">**my/me being timid**</mark>, unwilling to step out of my <mark style="color:blue;">**comfort zone**</mark>. Happy Trails encourages kids to <mark style="color:blue;">**explore, challenge, and try**</mark>, all under teachers' guidance and <mark style="color:blue;">**supervision**</mark>. I believe Happy Trails is the right school for kids this age because it helps <mark style="color:blue;">**cultivate personality traits**</mark> that are <mark style="color:blue;">**crucial**</mark> for kids to grow up <mark style="color:blue;">**with**</mark>.

## 141.

1. Most Monday mornings are <mark style="color:blue;">**intolerably**</mark> quiet and boring, particularly on my way to school. When I got on the bus last Monday, I thought it was going to be <mark style="color:blue;">**another dull morning**</mark>; indeed, people were silent, tired, and <mark style="color:blue;">**lifeless**</mark> from a wild weekend. Not a word was spoken, <mark style="color:blue;">**nor a glance exchanged**</mark>, as if each passenger <mark style="color:blue;">**were**</mark> separated from the other by an <mark style="color:blue;">**invisible**</mark> wall. Just as everyone was as usual <mark style="color:blue;">**mourning**</mark> the passing of the weekend, the bus <mark style="color:blue;">**pulled over**</mark> and a pretty girl got on. She <mark style="color:blue;">**elbowed her way to my side**</mark> and gave me a big smile. Soon we started talking. I found her not only sweet but also smarter than most of my friends. "What an angel!" I thought.
2. When she reached up to <mark style="color:blue;">**grab the handgrip**</mark>, however, <mark style="color:blue;">**my bubble burst**</mark> - her <mark style="color:blue;">**armpit**</mark> smelled like a pile of <mark style="color:blue;">**rotten**</mark> apples <mark style="color:blue;">**drenched in expired perfume**</mark>. While I thought I was going to <mark style="color:blue;">**throw up**</mark> right then and there, others around her caught that smell too and <mark style="color:blue;">**squeezed themselves back**</mark>, covering their noses and <mark style="color:blue;">**letting out a stream of curses**</mark> that broke the early morning silence. Luckily, the <mark style="color:blue;">**buzzer went off**</mark>, and I ran out of the bus at the next stop. As soon as I breathed in some fresh air, I said to myself, "Sometimes terrible things come <mark style="color:blue;">**in**</mark> beautiful packages."

## 142.

1. Freddie's new shoes arrived two days later. However, it shocked him that the shoes were not right at all! <mark style="color:blue;">**Even though**</mark> the design looked similar, the Nike logos were completely wrong. The shoes said "NICE" instead of "NIKE," and the famous "Swoosh" logo <mark style="color:blue;">**was mirrored**</mark>! The shoes <mark style="color:blue;">**turned out to be fakes**</mark>, but all Freddie could do was report the incident to the Executive Yuan's Consumer Protection Committee. He soon got a reply telling him that many others <mark style="color:blue;">**had fallen for the same scam**</mark>. Freddie later heard the news that the person selling the fake shoes <mark style="color:blue;">**had been arrested**</mark>. Although Freddie didn't <mark style="color:blue;">**end up**</mark> getting his money back, the news made him feel a little better and reminded him not to <mark style="color:blue;">**covet**</mark> a little and lose a lot.

## 143.

1. I think that out of the four parenting styles presented in the pictures, my parents are closest to the "authoritarian" style of running a household. They <mark style="color:blue;">**put a lot of emphasis on**</mark> the proper roles of different people in the family, and how children <mark style="color:blue;">**are supposed to**</mark> be polite and <mark style="color:blue;">**obedient**</mark> and always listen to their parents. My parents have <mark style="color:blue;">**absolute authority over**</mark> us children, and being seen as <mark style="color:blue;">**submissive**</mark> is the only rule my family really has. If I don't <mark style="color:blue;">**abide by**</mark> what my parents say, I will be punished for that <mark style="color:blue;">**act of disobedience**</mark>.
2. I respect my parents for <mark style="color:blue;">**raising**</mark> me and providing for me, but I don't think that style of parenting produces the best results. I think people often underestimate how intelligent children can be and how much they can understand. I think putting too much emphasis on <mark style="color:blue;">**obedience to authority**</mark> just teaches children how to follow rules, instead of how to be good people. I also think it leads to them learning how to lie and trick people because they want to avoid <mark style="color:blue;">**being punished**</mark> for their own mistakes. Overall, I think it is better to make clear rules that everyone understands and has a <mark style="color:blue;">**consensus**</mark> on rather than just expect complete <mark style="color:blue;">**submissiveness**</mark>.

## 144.

1. Mindy was a messy kid. She was a diligent student, but she <mark style="color:blue;">**couldn't be bothered to tidy up**</mark> her room. As you might expect, her room was more like a <mark style="color:blue;">**garbage dump**</mark> than a <mark style="color:blue;">**cozy**</mark> place to rest or do homework. However, Mindy felt <mark style="color:blue;">**quite at ease**</mark> with her mess since it kept her little brother from <mark style="color:blue;">**messing with**</mark> her things. So disgusted was he by the <mark style="color:blue;">**spoiled**</mark> food and <mark style="color:blue;">**spilled**</mark> soda that usually covered Mindy's room that he didn't even want to get close to her room.
2. One day, however, everything changed. The afternoon started out like any other. Mindy pushed aside a <mark style="color:blue;">**banana peel**</mark> and sat down to finish an assignment. She yelled <mark style="color:blue;">**in horror**</mark>, though, when she suddenly <mark style="color:blue;">**caught sight of**</mark> a cockroach! Even worse, <mark style="color:blue;">**no sooner had she seen one than she saw another**</mark>, and another and another! Mindy rushed to the kitchen and <mark style="color:blue;">**grabbed**</mark> a broom and a trash bag. She began to clean, and <mark style="color:blue;">**it wasn't long before**</mark> her room was <mark style="color:blue;">**neat and tidy**</mark>. To her surprise, once her room was clean, it wasn't so hard to keep it clean, and she was greatly <mark style="color:blue;">**relieved**</mark> to see that the cockroaches stayed away.

## 145.

1. Food is an important part of our lives, and how we enjoy the meals is closely associated with how they are presented to our eyes. Many people in Taiwan find it a great pleasure to stroll through a night market, a place <mark style="color:blue;">**incorporating a wide variety of local snacks**</mark>. <mark style="color:blue;">**With open-air food stalls lining up on both sides of the narrow aisles**</mark>, visitors to a night market can <mark style="color:blue;">**witness**</mark> how the <mark style="color:blue;">**delicacies**</mark> are made. It is usually very crowded in a night market, and having a meal in a night market <mark style="color:blue;">**is subject to weather**</mark> too - it may be raining or <mark style="color:blue;">**sultry**</mark>, so some people prefer to dine in a <mark style="color:blue;">**spacious**</mark> and air-conditioned food park. The food in a food park are usually severed in <mark style="color:blue;">**set meals**</mark> with decorated plates, and customers there can choose from all sorts of <mark style="color:blue;">**exotic cuisines**</mark> in the <mark style="color:blue;">**delis**</mark>. Also, people can relax themselves on <mark style="color:blue;">**cozy**</mark> seats while enjoying the <mark style="color:blue;">**cuisines**</mark> in a food park. Therefore, the meals in a food park are much more expensive than <mark style="color:blue;">**those**</mark> in a night market.

## 146.

1. As far as I am concerned, the dining environment that <mark style="color:blue;">**speaks to me**</mark> the most is the Chinese banquet. A traditional Chinese banquet is a <mark style="color:blue;">**feast**</mark> held for a reunion of relative and friends, on occasions such as weddings or family gatherings in lunar New Year. In a Chinese banquet, people would <mark style="color:blue;">**be seated in**</mark> circle around a big, and usually red table, as a symbol of unity and happiness. The <mark style="color:blue;">**elaborate cuisines**</mark> prepared by the host of a banquet, among <mark style="color:blue;">**which**</mark> my favorite is the oil rice cooked with crabs, reflect Taiwanese people's affection and <mark style="color:blue;">**hospitality**</mark>. For me, the <mark style="color:blue;">**appeal**</mark> of eating in a traditional banquet does not <mark style="color:blue;">**lie in the flavors of food itself**</mark>; what counts is the social interactions with all the others sitting <mark style="color:blue;">**at**</mark> the same table, such as small talks, playing finger games, and toasting. In my eyes, this is the best way that food can be presented.

## 147.

1. Sometimes, the more effort you put into something, <mark style="color:blue;">**the more likely you are to fail**</mark>. Last Sunday, Danny stared at his <mark style="color:blue;">**reflection with dismay**</mark>. Where was the <mark style="color:blue;">**muscular**</mark> guy he used to be? Since entering college, he had been attracted to a couch potato lifestyle, where decadently delicious food had replaced healthy home cooking, and the soft sofa had <mark style="color:blue;">**taken the place of**</mark> the sunny soccer field as his favorite <mark style="color:blue;">**hangout**</mark>. He was beginning to miss his healthy lifestyle. All the more so, because he felt as if the mirror that used to <mark style="color:blue;">**flatter**</mark> him were now <mark style="color:blue;">**jeering at**</mark> him. "Maybe it's time for a new self, or rather, my old self," he thought.
2. "But what am I going to do?" Danny <mark style="color:blue;">**pondered**</mark>, while <mark style="color:blue;">**frowning**</mark> at his belly in the mirror. "The <mark style="color:blue;">**treadmill**</mark>!" the mirror kindly suggested. He figured he would quickly have a <mark style="color:blue;">**six-pack**</mark> if he starved himself and used the <mark style="color:blue;">**treadmill**</mark> for eight hours a day. So he hurried to the gym. One hour passed, and then two hours. Danny was already exhausted with every muscle <mark style="color:blue;">**aching**</mark>. "No pain, no gain," Danny repeated to himself over and over. Eight hours eventually arrived - Day One was over! The next morning, Danny <mark style="color:blue;">**staggered**</mark> out of bed <mark style="color:blue;">**in excruciating pain**</mark>. He skipped breakfast, <mark style="color:blue;">**limped**</mark> down to the gym, <mark style="color:blue;">**stepped onto the treadmill**</mark>, switched it on, and within seconds <mark style="color:blue;">**fell flat on his face**</mark> - he <mark style="color:blue;">**dislocated**</mark> his kneecap and broke an ankle as well as his hope for a <mark style="color:blue;">**muscular build**</mark>. An <mark style="color:blue;">**ambulance**</mark> soon arrived to take him to the hospital. As he was carried slowly down the stairs on a <mark style="color:blue;">**stretcher**</mark>, Danny cried, "Hurry up! <mark style="color:blue;">**I'm in agony**</mark>." The <mark style="color:blue;">**paramedic**</mark> responded, "Danny, <mark style="color:blue;">**haste makes waste**</mark>!"

## 148.

1. Have you ever been walking on a sidewalk and been <mark style="color:blue;">**startled**</mark> by a scooter suddenly riding up right behind you? Unfortunately, this happens hundreds, <mark style="color:blue;">**if not**</mark> thousands, of times a day to <mark style="color:blue;">**pedestrians**</mark> in Taiwan. As shown in the photo, even <mark style="color:blue;">**where**</mark> a sign is posted telling people not to drive scooters on the sidewalk, some people, like the man in the photo, will ignore the rights of <mark style="color:blue;">**pedestrians for their own convenience**</mark>. The photo thus <mark style="color:blue;">**conveys**</mark> a simple but sad message about <mark style="color:blue;">**civic morals**</mark> and <mark style="color:blue;">**basic courtesy**</mark>.
2. Solving this problem would require improved <mark style="color:blue;">**social solidarity**</mark> and <mark style="color:blue;">**governmental oversight**</mark>. As citizens, we should <mark style="color:blue;">**regulate**</mark> our own behavior to avoid <mark style="color:blue;">**jeopardizing**</mark> the rights of others. <mark style="color:blue;">**Complying with regulations and warnings signs**</mark> is crucial for every road user. As for the authorities, they should <mark style="color:blue;">**implement stricter regulations concerning**</mark> the rights of <mark style="color:blue;">**pedestrians**</mark> and <mark style="color:blue;">**clamp down on**</mark> violations. After all, a sidewalk is for walking - it's right there in the word. But if everyone can obey traffic rules and be sure to respect others, we will have a safer road environment.
